pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
nausea
ate
pregnant
pregnant
eat
prenatal
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
breast feeding
pregnancy
Reproductive
Pregnant
prenatal
renewal of ...
gestation
birth
birth
motor
control
birth
maternal
pregnancy
Perinatology
prenatal
prenatal
gestational
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
birth
birth
formation of free radicals
ingesting
pregnancy
consumption
chewing
pregnancy
Poisoning
fed
excreted
fed
Age
Menopause
menopause
prenatal
prenatally
menopause
menopause
gene transfer
cell death
Protein Expression
expression
mated
give
birth
expression
expression
prenatal
born
born
prenatal
prenatal
cellular proliferation
apoptosis
neurogenesis
expression
locomotion
DA signalling
modulate
dysregulated
pathways
oxidative phosphorylation
calcium homeostasis
chaperoning
neurotransmission
dysregulated
mortem
mating
gestation
postnatal
estrous cycle
expression
Expression
expression
dysregulated
dysregulated
dysregulated
expressed
General
cellular metabolism
Cellular Movement
cellular assembly
organization
cell signaling
dysregulated
expression
expression
calcium sequestration
repolarise
firing
endocytosis
neurotransmitter release
vesicle release
energy
adaptive
express
degradation of ... proteins
mortem
mortem
DA signaling
repolarise
expressed
glutaminergic
habituated
locomotion
brain development
Spermatogenesis
spermatogenesis
dysgenesis
spermatogenesis
prenatal
motility
prenatal
spermatotogenesis
prenatal
prenatal
testicular dysgenesis
gestational
gestational
gestational
pregnancy
gestational
gestational
gestational
pregnancy
Gestational
pregnancy
pregnancies
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
of
GDM
pregnancy
perinatal
control
born
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancies
diabetes
metabolic
pregnancy
partum
management
- care
monitoring
partum
pregnancy
control
glycemic
pregnancy
deliver
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
pregnant
pregnancy
birthweight
pregnancy
birth
gestational
pregnancy
intake
intake
control
postprandial
prepregnancy
pregnancy
antenatal
glycemic control
gestational
control
glycemic control
trimester
pregnancy
pregnancy
glucose control
birthweight
pregnancy
pregnancy
teratogenic
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
birth
delivery
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
mitogenesis
pregnancy
pregnancy
glycemic control
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy53
pregnancy
glycemic control
gestational
maternal
glycemic control
pregnancies
gestational
perinatal
glycemic control
pregnancy
pregnancy
Gestational
birth
death
death
glycemic control
stillbirth
perinatal
glycemic control
pregnancy
pregnancy
glycemic control
birth
pregnancy
gluconeogenesis
pregnancies
gene expression
acidosis
pregnancy
motor ... development
gestational
glycemic control
gestational
pregnancy
Transplacental transfer
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
Pregnant
gestational
pregnancy
perinatal
death
pregnancy
gestational
gestational
Preeclampsia
perinatal
pregnancies
perinatal
perinatal
perinatal
partum
gestational
gestational
delivery of
fetus
pregnancy
development of diabetes
metabolic
metabolic
reproductive
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
glycemic control
partum
eating
Gestational
intake
glycemic
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
Gestation
Adolescence
eating
gestation
feeding
taste acquisition
eating
adolescence
food marketing
prenatal
eating
prenatal
adolescence
biological processes
gestation
adolescence
Gestational
metabolic
gestation
birth
birth
Feeding
pregnant
pancreatic development
gene expression
intake
pregnancy
birth
metabolic
born
suckled
fed
metabolic
pregnancy
born
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
born
pregnancy
born
adolescence
adolescence
smoked
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth of ... child
prepregnancy
prepregnancy
prepregnancy
-
feeding
prepregnancy
breast - feeding
prenatal
prenatal
breast - feeding
pregnancy
Taste
taste ...
taste
pleasure of
eating
taste
smell
learning
birth
taste
sweet taste
birth
adolescence
sweet - tasting
tastes
bitter - tasting
taste
Feeding
feeding
eating
eat
eat
eat
bitter - tasting
food preferences
learn
eating
eat
pregnant
eating
breast - feeding
liking
modulate
pregnancy
postpartum
Pregnant
lactating
Eating
food intake
appetite
nurture
regulation of appetite
eating
eat
hunger
hunger
eating
eating
taste
food preference
intake of ... foods
eating
eating
eating
intake
regulation
appetite
regulate
appetite
intake regulation
expressed
appetite regulation
appetite regulation
intake
regulation
hunger
intake regulation
eating
feeding
eating
feeding
intake
feeding
child
feeding
child
feeding
feeding
eating
child feeding
control
intake
gestational
controlling
intake
sexual maturity
marketing
eat
eating
eating
eating
decision making
critical thinking
abstract thinking
cognitive development
thought
eating
Adolescence
adolescence
Growing
Cognitive development
adolescence
thought
problem solving
decision making
abstract reasoning
food selection
monitor
prenatal
pregnant
breast - feeding
born
pregnancy
postpartum
eating
eating
food choices
pregnant
pregnant
reproductive
pregnant
reproductive
conception
conceive
pregnant
reproductive
eating
reproductive
reproductive
prenatal
pregnancy
pregnant
reproductive
pregnant
lactating
pregnant
menstruating
breastfeeding
pregnancy
pregnancy
antenatal
antenatal
delivery
conceive
antenatal
menstrual
pregnant
reproductive
acute - phase
birth
preterm
delivery
modulate
Development
reproductive
gestational
prenatal
prenatal
preconceptually
pregnancy
pregnancy
maternal
pregnancy
reproductive
pubertal
reproductive
first pregnancies
reproductive
reproductively
pregnancy
lactation
pregnant
pregnancies
antenatal
prenatal
perinatal
pregnancy
maternal
pregnancy
Postnatal
Reproductive Maturation
prepubertal
sexual maturation
reproductive maturation
prenatal
postnatal
Pregnant
fed
pregnancy
lactation
fed
Pubertal
endocrine
pubertal
pubertal
prenatal
lactational
reproductive
prenatal
pubertal
feeding
pubertal
metabolic homeostasis
menarche
menarche
prepubertal
prenatal
postnatal
birth
born
menarche
prenatal
postnatal
puberty
prenatal
metabolic
reproductive
adaptive
reproductive maturation
metabolically
reproduction
reproduction
metabolic
gestational
pubertal
postnatal
pubertal
consumption
pregnancy
lactation
birth
reproductive maturation
birth
lactation
prenatal
postnatal
reproductive maturation
reproductive maturation
maternal
Birth
born
pregnancy
pregnancies
birth
postnatal
born
pregnancy
lactation
fed
birth
birth
born
birth
Birthweight
pregnancy
lactation
Birthweight
fed
fed
pregnancies
pregnancy
lactation
pregnancy
lactation
fed
conceptionally
pregnancy
lactation
fed
conceptionally
pregnancy
lactation
Pubertal
Pubertal
Pubertal
born
born
fed
pregnancy
lactation
Pubertal
postnatal
postnatal
Pubertal
postnatal
pregnancy
lactation
pubertal
fed
fed
fed
postnatal
pregnancies
pregnancy
lactation
pregnancy
lactation
postnatal
postnatal
postnatal
consumption
pregnancy
lactation
pregnancy
lactation
prenatal
fed
fed
postnatal
pregnancies
fed
conceptionally
pregnancy
lactation
fed
conceptionally
pregnancy
lactation
postnatal
postnatal
postnatal
postnatal
born
pregnancy
consumption
born
prenatal
proestrous
fed
postnatal
postnatal
fed
fed
postnatal
postnatal
pregnancies
pregnancy
lactation
pregnancy
lactation
postnatal
postnatal
fed
conceptionally
pregnancy
lactation
fed
conceptionally
pregnancy
lactation
pubertal
lactational
born
reproductive
prenatal
lactational
metabolic
death
reproductive
death
metabolic programming
prenatal
reproduction
adaptive
metabolism
reproductive
postnatal
postnatal
reproductive maturation
pregnancy
prenatal
prepubertal
food intake
regulation
lipogenesis
prenatal
pubertal
metabolic
birth
menarche
regulating
pubertal
regulatory
regulation
lactation
reproductive maturation
lactational
metabolic
postnatal
metabolic
reproductive maturation
adaptive developmental responses
perinatal
undernutrition
pregnancy
lactation
pubertal
pregnancy
perinatal
postnatal
prenatal
pubertal
reproductive maturation
fed
pregnancy
lactation
postnatal
postnatal
pubertal
reproductive
proestrous phase
reproductive performance
ovulation
ovulatory
reproductive
born
pregnancy
born
pregnancy
aging
aging
prenatal
postnatal
pubertal
reproduction
reproductive
reproductive cycles
circadian rhythms
menses
menopause
adaptive
postnatal
reproductive maturation
female offspring
reproductive maturation
pubertal
adaptive
reproductive
reproductive
pubertal
programming
mated
estrous cycle
estrous
mating
fed
pregnancy
lactation
fed
pregnancy
lactation
fed
pregnancy
fed
lactation
fed
pregnancy
lactation
fed
conceptional
conception
pregnancy
lactation
Food intake
pregnancy
birth
postnatal
reproductive
postnatal
pregnancyPregnancyLactationOffspring
Postnatal
estrous cycle
mortem
estrous stage
estrous stage
proestrous
controlled
Pubertal
prenatal
breastfeeding
birth
prenatal
fetal
breastfeeding
breastfeeding
breastfeeding
gestational
snoring
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
sleep
snoring
pregnancy
gestational
sleeping
sleeping
sleep
snoring
pregnant
sleep
sleep
metabolic
sleep
habitual
snoring
sleep
sleep
sleep
metabolic
sleep
glucose metabolism
pregnant
sleep
gestation
pregnancy
gestational
sleep
snoring
glucose metabolism
pregnancy
sleep
snoring
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
habitual
sleep
snoring
pregnancy
pregnancy
prenatal
preeclampsia
gestational
pregnancy
prenatal
gestation
pregnancy
deliver
gestation
delivery
delivery
pregnancy
gestational
reproductive
pregnancy
sleep
pregnancy
becoming
pregnant
sleep
sleep
pregnancy
pregnant
sleep
pregnant
sleeping
Sleep
pregnancy
pregnancy
becoming
pregnant
snoring
snoring
Pre
pregnancy
Pre
pregnancy
pregnant
gestation
sleep
snoring
sleep
snoring
sleep
snoring
pregnant
Gestational
pregnant
pregnancy
habitual sleep
pregnancy
pregnancy
sleep
carbohydrate metabolism
pregnancy
pregnancy
snoring
pregnancy
pregnancy67
prenatal
pregnancy
gestational
habitual
sleep
pregnancy
gestation
pregnancy
sleeping
sleeping
sleeping
pregnancy
pregnancy
sleep
pregnancy
pregnancy
sleeping
pregnancy
sleeping
pregnancy
sleep
sleep
sleep
sleeping
sleep
pregnancy
sleep
pregnancy
sleep
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
Gestational
Sleep
pregnancy
pregnancy
maternal
pregnancy
snoring
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
Gestational
sleep
pregnancy
sleep
pregnancy
sleep
pregnancy
glucose homeostasis
pregnancy
sleep
pregnancy
sleep
snoring
sleep
pregnancy
pregnant
glucose metabolism
slept
Male Aging
sleep
sleep
sleeping
sleep
pregnancy
pregnant
snore
pregnancy
pregnant
snored
pregnancy
habitual
glucose metabolism
pregnancy
sleep
pregnancy
pregnancy
habitual
sleep
snoring
habitual
sleep
sleep
sleep
sleep
sleep
Snoring
sleep
glucose metabolism
adipokine synthesis ... release
glucose homeostasis
glycogen breakdown
gluconeogenesis
sleep
sleep
sleep
dysregulation
- reperfusion
release of ... cytokines
sleep
pregnancy
pregnancy
sleep
glucose metabolism
pregnancy
snoring
sleep
sleep
snoring
pregnant
sleep
pregnancy
metabolic
sleep
pregnancy
pregnant
intake
intake
intake
ate
ate
intake
intake
intake
intake
thinking
hearing
adolescence
consumption
pregnancy
neuro
developmental
consumption
metabolism of phospholipids
intake
prenatal
cell growth
births
intake
intake
intake
translation
intake
consumption
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
metabolized
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
birth
intake
grown
growing
birth
intake
intake
birth
intake
intake
intake
intake
ate
ate
ate
intake
intake
intake
intakePositive
birth
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
birth
intake
intake
intake
intake
DDietary
birth
intake
intake
lipid metabolism
intake
intake
Prenatal
Birth
prenatal
prenatal
metabolized
production of vitamin D
prenatal
brain development
memory
intake
intake
intake
fatty acid metabolism
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
born
consumption
metabolic
intake
Birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
prenatally
birth
cancer
pregnancy
perinatal
cell ... differentiation
imprinting
pregnancy
birth
birth
birth
birth
births
births
born
birth
Birth
birth
seasonal
birth
birth
detoxification
play
birth
detoxify
eat
intake
postweaning
control
live
die
Immunity
perinatal
immune system
birth
memory
birth
immunologic
memory
immune system maturation
development of allergies
birth
births
immune surveillance
Inflammatory responses
transduced
responses
intake
immunity
perinatal
food consumption
birth
prenatal
brain development
born
born
metabolism
regulation
birth
food intake
postnatal
consumed
consumed
consumption
Birth
Birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
developmental learning
menopausal
pregnancy
brain development
lutenising
born
born
birth
born
birth
born
born
birth
perinatal
birth
modulate
innate ...
adaptive immune response
metabolic
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
gestational
pregnancy
gestational
prenatal
gestational
pregnant
gestational
consumption
intake
pregnancy
prosocial behaviour
fine motor ...
communication ...
social development
metabolism
express
pregnant
Pregnancy
pregnancy
Pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
production
allergen
degranulation of ... cell
- linking
degranulation
synthesis of prostaglandins
leukotrienes
activation of ...
cells
Pregnancy
Pregnant
Allergic
childbearing
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
Pregnancy
pregnancy
Pregnancy
pregnancy
trimester
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
PregnancyDrugs
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
trimester
preeclampsia
preterm birth
birth
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
PregnancyIncreasedDecreasedTidal
pregnancy
pregnancy
maternal immunity
cell - mediated immunity
pregnant
death
birth
Pregnant
preeclampsia
birth
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
gestational
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
Pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
trimester
pregnancy
anaphylaxis
pregnancy
anaphylaxis
anaphylaxis
anaphylaxis
death
anaphylaxis
pregnant
breast - feeding
anaphylaxis
postpartum
postpartum
anaphylaxis
pregnancy
pregnancy
anaphylaxis
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
immune response
pregnant
childbirth
immune
Gestational
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
modulate
pregnancy
gestation
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancies
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
Pregnancy
pregnant
growing
transformation
birth
anaphylactic
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
Pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
immune response
imprinting
Immunopathogenesis
immune response
transfer
IgE
suckling
regulated
activation
T cell
expressed
secreted
immune response
Trafficking of cells
birth
smoked
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
consumption
pregnancy
consumption
gestation
consumption
pregnancy
pregnancy
lactation
milk ... consumption
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
immune response
Th2 immune response
breast -
feeding
breast -
feeding
Prematurity
Birth
birth
prematurity
birth
born
Birth
Cesarean Delivery
delivery of ... baby
delivery
delivery
delivery
delivery
delivery
pregnancy
Th2 - biased immune response
control
pregnant
IgE production
intake
pregnant
consumption
Pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
prenatal
maternal
consumption
maternal
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
lactation
maternal
intake of
pregnancy
consumption
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
Pregnancy
childbearing
pregnancy
sleeping
consumption of coffee
sweets
foods
Pregnancy
pregnant
Lactation
lactation
lactation
lactation
breast - feeding
breast
feeding
feeding
breast -
feeding
breast - feeding
food
pregnancy
pregnancy
lactation
feeding
lactating
pregnancy
lactation
consumption
pregnancy
lactation
Pregnancy
feeding
breast
fed
pregnancy
lactation
demyelinative
relapsing
homeostasis
modulating
phagocytic
growth factor
synthesis of vitamin D
pregnancy
intake
regulated
postnatal
prenatal
consumption
birth
ate
consumption
birth
born
born
prenatal
vitamin D metabolism
Reproductive
worming
control
reproductive
Control
consuming
intake
reproductive
birth
birth
cognitive development
pregnant
pregnant
reproductive
reproductive
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
partum
pregnant
reproductive
reproductive
worming
delivered
reproductive
reproductive
pregnant
Pregnant
antenatal
pregnant
worming
reproductive
control
delivery
reproductive
reproductive
reproductive
reproductive
reproductive
reproductive
reproductive
reproductive
reproductive
worming
reproductive
reproductive
pregnancy
trimester
ante - natal care
pregnancy
pregnant
antenatal
pregnant
reproductive
reproductive
reproductive
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
long - term
pregnancy
death
pregnant
maternal
perinatal
pregnancy
pregnant
antenatal ...
delivery
postnatal care
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
delivery
reproductive
Pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
birth
intake
birth
Prenatal
eating behaviors
pregnancy
intake of sweets
gestation
pregnancy
pregnancy
adolescence
gestational
gestation
metabolic
pregnancy
prenatal
intake of protein
birth
prenatal
overnutrition
intake
prenatal
pregnancy
birth
maternal
eating
prenatal
eating
pregnancy
gestation
birth
prenatal
gestational
eating
gestational
gestation
postpartum
breastfeeding
postpartum
prepregnancy
pregravid
delivery
birth
gestational
gestational
birth
gestational
gestational
birth
Pregnancy
gestation
intake
intake
pregnancy
intake
food consumption
Postnatal
Eating
cognitive
Sleep
Sleep
prepregnancy
birth
weeks
gestation
delivery
breastfeeding
pregnancy
gestation
prepregnancy
sleep
Prepregnancy
gestation
delivery
breastfeeding
miscarriages
pregnancy
birth
prepregnancy
gestation
delivery
birth
birth
birth
Prenatal
prenatal
gestation
delivery
breastfeeding
birth
consumption of
pregnancy
consumption of
pregnancy
birth
consumed
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
prenatal
birth
birth
birth
prenatal
prenatal
birth
pregnancy
birth
consumption
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
prenatal
birth
prenatal
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
birth
intake
birth
maternal
intake of sweets
drinks
pregnancy
intake
gestation
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
gestation
pregnancy
pregnancy
prepregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
maternal
intake
birth
postnatal
birth
birth
prenatal
birth
Birth
postnatal
feeding
birth
grow
prenatal
birth
birth
pregnancy
prenatal
gestation
intakes
prepregnancy
recalling
prepregnancy
gestational
birth
gestational
metabolic
eating behaviors
pregnancy
intake of
prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
bone
fed
breast -
fed
fed
fed
fed
birth
fed
breast
fed
pregnancy
delivery
labor
delivery
gestation
delivery
birth
breastfeeding
fed
prenatal
Birth
gestational
bone
birth
prenatal
pregnancy
prenatal
Prenatal
prenatal
breast
fed
breast
fed
fed
feeding
birth
birth
born
pregnant
birth
birth
controlled
breast
fed
intake
fed
breast
fed
birth
pregnant
lactating
pregnant
lactating
prepubertal
breast
fed
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
reproductive
pregnancy
partum
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
maternal
pregnancy
maternal ...
foetal well - being
pregnancy
reproductive
pregnancy
pregnancy
reproductive
pregnancy
partum
gene expression
cell proliferation145
menstrual ...
reproductive events
surveillance
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
Pregnancy
control
trimester
pregnancy
control
pregnancy
foetal development
endocrine
embryonic development
embryo development
development of foetal brain
neuronal
cell differentiation ... migration
axonal ... outgrowth
synaptogenesis7913
gestation
neurodevelopment
conception
gestation
pregnancy
excretion
pregnancy
trimester17
stimulation
gestation
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
gestation
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
intellectual ...
cognitive development
gestational
preeclampsia
miscarriage
perinatal
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
vitamin D ...
calcium metabolism
foetal
skeletal formation
pregnancy
synthesis of ... D3Although
foetal
bone development
calcium metabolism
imprinting
neurodevelopment
birth2425
excretion
bone ossification
pregnancy
breast feeding
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
signalling cascade
carcinogenesis
transformation
gene expression
cell carcinogenesis
foetal - cell carcinogenesis
proliferation
pregnancy
adolescence
growing
Endocrine
endogenous
production of TSH
pregnant
... thyroid tissue
pregnant
secreting
express
cell transformation
express
metastasize
metastasize
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
trimester
pregnancy
antenatal
metastasize
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
term
pregnancy
pregnancy
cellular immunity
Pregnancyassociated
pregnancy
Pregnant
gestational
pregnancy
termination of pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
trimester
delivery
pregnancy
termination of pregnancy4
pregnancy
gestational
trimester
delivery37
trimester
organogenesis
teratogenic
miscarriage
trimester
pregnancy
foetal
trimester
pregnancy
delivery15
pregnancy
breast - feeding
pregnant
breast - feeding
Pregnant
become
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
postpone
pregnancy
miscarriage
Miscarriages
birth
childbearing
born
miscarriages
abortion
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
control of tissue growth
trimester
delivery
death
gestation
delivery
pregnancy
Pregnancy
trimester
pregnancy
pregnancy
transfer
homeostatic
T4 metabolism
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
Pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
DNA Methylation
Fetal programming
embryonic ... development
methylation of repetitive elements
delivering
deliveries
DNA methylation
birth
CpG
methylation
birth
intrauterine development
development
production of ... enzymes
hormones
controlling
DNA methylation
regulation
silencing
DNA methylation
expression
utero
birth
DNA methylation
delivering
deliveries
deliveries
gestational
births
born
gestation
gestational
birth
gestational
Birth
gestational
birth
gestational
birth
birth
birth
Birth
birth
birth
gestational
gestational
birth
gestational
gestational
gestational
birth
gestational
DNA methylation
DNA methylation
CpG methylation
conversion
CpG
birth
birth
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnancy
birth
prenatal
pregnancy
pregnancyYes3652
pregnancyYes355
prenatal
pregnancyYes31451
CpG methylation
gestational
birth
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnancy
DNA methylation
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
prenatal
pregnancy
birth
DNA methylation
DNA methylation
pregnancy
pregnancy
CpG class methylation
methylation of CpGs
CpG class methylation
CpG class methylation
CpG
CpG
cell processes
gene expression
homeostasis
immune modulation
DNA methylation
DNA methylation
birth
silencing
embryonic development
cellular differentiation
tissue development
cellular processes
immune modulation
sterol homeostasis
gene expression
cellular proliferation
control
controlling
immunomodulation
steroid homeostasis
placenta
pregnancy
methylation
pregnancy
intrauterine
DNA methylation
prenatal
deliveries
birth
birth
birth
placental ... development
controlling
delivered
birth
birth
crying
seizures
seizures
born
gestational
breast
fed
prenatal
pregnancy
expression
cell cycle
ontogenesis
gestational
development
adaptive
programming
expression
prenatal
perinatal
Pregnant
fed
gestational
fed
gene expression
prenatal
dies
conceptionem
postnatal
dies
natum
expression
lipid metabolism
Fatty acid metabolism
Biosynthesis of steroids
Synthesis
ketone
elongation
acid synthesis
cell cycle regulation
Mitotic
G1 / S checkpoint regulation
G2 / M DNA ... checkpoint regulation
regulation
cell proliferation
postnatal
Pregnancy
fetal
cell differentiation
development
adaptive
programming
expression
gestational
intake
pregnancy
birth
metabolic
pregnancy
expression
prenatal
perinatal
pregnant
fed
gestational
gene expression
gestation
metabolism
nutritional programming
prenatal
postnatal
gestation
birth
postnatal
expression
modulation
prenatal
postnatal
expression
cell cycle
cell maintenance
amino acid metabolism
natum
fed
gestation
gene expression
expressed
expression
gestational
expression
prenatal
gestational
expression
expression
expressed
ontogenetic
expressed
regulated
expressed
regulated
regulated
regulated
regulated
expression
expression
Expression
ontogenetic
nucleic acid processing
cell cycle
perinatal
regulated
metabolic
regulated
regulated
ontogenetic
regulated
expressed
ontogenetic
regulated
metabolic
Ontogenetic
regulation
regulated
signalingup1
checkpoint regulationdown2
checkpoint regulationdown1
checkpoint regulationdown2
degradation of ketone
acid synthesisup3
acid elongation
of steroidsdown7
gestational
regulatory
expression
expression
pathway
G1 / S checkpoint regulation
expression
expression
expression
metabolic
processing of ketones
fatty acids
acids
mTOR signaling
VEGF signaling
glucocorticoid receptor signaling
biosynthesis
expressed
regulated
ontogenetic
regulation
regulated
regulated
regulation
regulation
ontogenetic
regulation
regulated
regulation
perinatal
regulation
AMPK signaling
expression
G2 / M DNA damage checkpoint
regulation
mitotic
pyrimidine metabolism
regulation
expression
cell cycle
mitosis
metabolism of purines
pyrimidines
Wnt signaling
perinatal
regulated
metabolic
regulation
regulated
AMPK signalingup6
Pyrimidine metabolismdown2
DNA damage checkpoint regulationdown2
metabolismup9
Pyrimidine
metabolismup6
Mitotic
G2 / M
DNA damage checkpoint
Wnt signalingdown4
Fatty acid metabolismup3
Synthesis ...
degradation of ketone
Biosynthesis of steroidsup3
checkpoint regulationdown2
AMPK signalingup1
Fatty acid metabolismup1
Mitotic
VEGF signalingdown7
Fatty acid
gestational
regulatory
perinatal
regulated
expression
Expression
AMPK signaling
mTOR signaling
regulation
expression
fatty acid metabolism
biosynthesis of steroids
synthesis ... of ketone bodies
degradation of ... leucine
G1 / S checkpoint regulation
AMPK signaling
fatty acid metabolism
mitotic
VEGF signaling
expressed
mTOR signaling
fatty acid elongation in mitochondria
cytoskeleton signaling
RhoA signaling
Rac signaling
regulated
regulation
expression
expression
Regulated
ontogenetic
ontogenetic
metabolic regulation
gene
regulation
metabolic
expression
regulated
gene expression
fed
pregnancy
nutritional programming
prenatal
perinatal
prenatal
expression
gestational
regulatory
perinatal
metabolic
suckling
expression
expression
expressed
postnatal
regulations
prenatal
gestational
expression
cell cycle
cellular turnover
amino acid metabolic pathways
prenatal
postnatal
gene expression
cell maintenance ... proliferation
cell division
regulated
cell division
cell division
cell cycle control
cycle
cell cycle regulation
cell cycle
cell cycle
control
regulation
Mitotic
cell cycle
mitosis
entry into
exit from mitosis
cell cycle regulating
cell cycle
expression
expression
control of mitosis
cell cycle checkpoint regulation
regulations
gestational
cell cycle regulating
cell cycle
cell cycle
expression
expression
cell division
expression
cell cycle
gestational
expression
metabolic
expression
mitotic cell division
gestational
control of growth
cell deviation
expression
regulation
biosynthesis
purine ... metabolism
cell motility ... cytokinesis
signaling
Rac signaling
RhoA signaling
expression
cellular turn - over
tissue remodelling
mTOR signaling
nutrient sensing
controls
protein synthesis
translation
mTOR signaling
mTOR signaling
regulating
cell growth
mTOR signaling
protein synthesis
mTOR signaling
cellular ... proliferation
mTOR signaling
pathway
regulated
VEGF ...
vascular endothelial growth factor ... signaling
pathway
VEGF signaling
angiogenic
regulation of
Wnt signaling ... pathway
embryogenesis
cell differentiation
proliferation
expression
insulin signaling
IGF1 signaling
regulation of ...
insulin signaling
IGF1 signaling
regulations
lipid -, ... - ... - metabolism
postnatal
regulated
lipid metabolism
fatty acid metabolism
fatty acid elongation
synthesis ... of ketone
bile acid synthesis
biosynthesis of steroids
lipid metabolism
postnatal
adaptive
prenatal
lipid metabolism
postnatal
AMPK ... dependent ... kinase ... signaling
regulated
ontogenesis
AMPK signaling
metabolic pathway
regulation of ... lipid ... metabolism in ... cells
metabolic
AMPK signaling
metabolic
lipid metabolism
expression
cellular metabolism
regulations
metabolism
ontogenesis
N - metabolism
degradation of ... amino acids
regulated
prenatal
postnatal
anabolic
postnatal
immune response
modulated
expression
metabolic
modulated
expression
regulation of ... signaling
expression
defence
regulated
innate immune system
expression
fed
gestational
prenatal
perinatal
gene expression
expression
cell cycle
cellular turnover
expressed
expression
amino acid metabolism
metabolic
postnatal
insemination
prenatal
postnatal
gestation
fed
postnatal
born
parturition
pregnancy
born
birth
birth
birth
birth
gestation
fed
lactation
suckling
growing
expression
expressed
regulated
birth
expression
expression
Gene Expression
gene expression
regulated
expression
melting
reverse transcription
expression
birth
regulating
livebirths
innate immunity
expression
synthesis
intracellular
formation of ...
taste
death
breastfeeding
died
death
died
deaths
deaths
menopausal
conversion
conversion
sputum conversion32in
breastfeeding
production of cathelicidins
antenatal
prenatal
prenatal
delivering
natal
pregnancy
prenatal
prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnancy
Pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
maternal
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
conception
gestation
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
Pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
birth
prematurity
deaths
pregnancy
childbirth
pregnancy
pregnancy
trimester
menstruation
pregnancy
trimester
trimesters
pregnancy
pregnancy
consume
pregnancy
pregnancy
acute - phase
pregnancy
ingesting
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
antenatal
pregnancy
pregnant
delivery
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
Pregnancy
pregnant
maternal
delivery
antenatal
pregestational
pregnancy
midpregnancy
gestation
pregnancy
reproductive
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
erythropoietic
pregnant
pregnant
ingestion
Pregnancy
consuming
intake
lipid
thrombosis
death
anaphylactic reactions
erythropoiesis
antenatal care
pregnant
antenatal
antenatal
pregnancies
antenatal
antenatal care
pregnancy
pregnant
antenatal
antenatal
pregnant
antenatal
pregnant
pregnancy
reproductive
antenatal
taste
Life Saving
cardiopulmonary resuscitation
antenatal care
antenatal
pregnancy
reproductive
pregnancy
birth
prematurity
Development
reproductive
fed
expression
expression
expression
maturation of glomeruli
nephrogenesis
childbearing
development of ... nervous system
pregnancy
skeletal formation
development
natal
genomic imprinting
metabolism
development of ... kidney
cellular proliferation ... differentiation
apoptosis
kidney development
pregnancy
lactation
kidney development
glomerular development
postnatal
fed
fed
pregnant
fed
mated
mating
pregnancy
fed
suckling
lactation
organogenesis
birth
fed
mated
birth
metabolic
metabolic
intake
intake
birth
birth
glomerular development
birth
expression
pregnancies
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
food intake
intake
intake
intake
protein
expression
expression
expression
expression
expression
expression
expression
expression
expression
expression
expression
expression
Expression
expression
expression
expression
birth
expression
expression
birth
pregnancy
pregnant
kidney development
maturation
expression
gestational
mating
pregnancy
trimester
pregnancy
regulation of adiposity
post
natal
birth
nephrogenesis
delivery
postnatal
gestational trimester
kidney development
cell proliferation
gene expression
expression
expression
Kidney organogenesis
regulatory
expressed
expression
birth
expression
birth
fed
expressions
regulation
expressed
differentiation
formation of ... diaphragm
regulation
glomerular development
apoptosis
gene expression
nephrogenesis
expression
regulation
expression
glomerular development
birth
born
fed
metabolic
adipose tissue development
expression
nephrogenesis
Pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
trimester
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
gestational
synthesis of vitamin D
metabolized
metabolized
vitamin D metabolism
pregnancy
expression
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
trimester
pregnancy
pregnant
trimester
pregnancy
deliveries
trimester
pregnancy
consumption
pregnancy
prenatal
trimester
pregnancy
prepregnancy
trimester
pregnant
trimester of pregnancy
consumption
consumption
consumption
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
smoked
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
Drinking
prepregnancy
pregnant
trimester
pregnancy
pregnancy
miscarriage
pregnancy
planned
pregnant
pregnant
trimester
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
trimester
pregnant
trimester
trimester
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
trimester
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
trimester
pregnancy
pregnancy
consumption
trimester
prepregnancy
trimester
pregnant
pregnancy
consumption
pregnancy
consumption of milk
products
pregnancy
pregnancy
consumption
consumption
pregnant
pregnancy
trimester
pregnancy
postmenopausal
pregnant
food consumption
pregnant
pregnant
storage of vitamin D
pregnant
pregnant
trimester
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
lactation
pregnancy
lactation
intakes
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
gestational
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
Gestational
pregnancy
lactation
vitamin D metabolism
gestational
metabolized
pregnancy
lactation
vitamin D
metabolism
calcification
pregnancy
pregnancy
breast
fed
glucose homeostasis
pregnancy
gestational
lactating
intake
lactating
lactating
delivery
Gestational
gestation
delivery
delivery
delivery
delivery
delivery0
breast –
fed
translation
translation of ... proteins
lactating
consuming
postpartum
postpartum
metabolic
walking
Prenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnancy
metabolic
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
preeclampsia
gestational
birth
pregnancy
neurodevelopment
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
vitamin D metabolism
pregnancy
lactation
metabolism
cell proliferation ... differentiation
conception
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
cosmetic
intake
consumed
pregnancy
homeostasis
birth
metabolism
mineral homeostasis
calcium
metabolism
pregnancy
pregnancy
calcium metabolism
pregnancy
lactation
pregnancy
lactation
secrete
pregnancy
regulate
synthesis ...
metabolism ... of vitamin D compounds
pregnancy
implantation
pregnancy
delivery
controls
production of ... cytokines
ossification
transport
pregnancy
metabolism
synthesis of ... vitamin
photosynthesized
pregnancy
endogenous
vitamin D synthesis
pregnancy
malabsorption
intake
pregnancy
gestational
birth
birth
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
mineral homeostasis
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancies
prenatal
ingested
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
preeclampsia
gestational
delivery
Pregnancy
preeclampsia
pregnant
Preeclampsia
)
productions
preeclampsia
Preeclampsia
pregnancies
preeclamptic
pregnancies
expression
preeclamptic
pregnancies
placentation
gestation
placental development
preeclampsia
gestation
pregnancy
preeclampsia
- being
regulates
metabolic
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
regulate
immune
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
skeletal ...
cardiovascular ...
neurologic development
contractile
neurodevelopment of ... fetus
pregnancy
reproductive
pregnancy
pregnant
fed
pregnant
lactating
breastfeeding
breast fed
lactating
breast fed
maternal
pregnancy
birth
postnatal
glucose homeostasis
skeletal development
pregnancy
bone development
pregnant
pregnancy
lactation
pregnant
gestation
birth
antenatal care
reproductive
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
lactating
pregnancy
regulated
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
antenatal
antenatal care
pregnant
antenatal
pregnancy
prepregnancy
pregnant
prenatal
pregnant
pregnancy
lactation
breast
fed
pregnant
pregnant
gestation
pregnancy
pregnancy
skeletal formation
imprinting
neurodevelopment
birth
Pregnant
gestation
pregnancy
pregnancy
trimester
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
contractions
trimester
pregnancy
prenatal
gestational
rhythm
coagulation
pregnancy
trimester
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestation
gestation
delivery
pregnant
Pregnancy
pregnancy
reproductive
pregnancy
delivery
pregnancy
pregnancy
deliveries
delivered
gestational
maternal
pregnancy
born
pregnancy
pregnancy
reproductive
reproductive
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
reproductive
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
childbearing
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestation
pregnancy
perinatal
pregnancy
neurodevelopmental
reproductive
fertility
birth
reproductive
pregnancy
birth
gestational
birth
preterm births
gestational
Birth
reproductive
pregnancy
reproductive
teratogenic
pregnant
breastfeeding
pregnancy
teratogenic
teratogenic
conception
pregnancy
Fertility
pregnancies
pregnancies
pregnancies
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
delivery
pregnancy
breastfeeding
birth
postnatal
pregnancy
delivery
pregnancy
pregnancy
Perinatal
conception
conception
pregnancy
pregnancy
prenatal
breastfeed
gestational
pregnancy
Perinatal
conception
Pre
pregnancy
pregnancy
Gestational
Gestational
Birth
Preterm
delivery
gestational
gestational
delivery
Fetal
births
Pregnancy
miscarriage
death
birth
gestational
gestational
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
pregnancyChiari
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancyCongenital
pregnancy
pregnancyAtrial
pregnancy
pregnancyHypospadias
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancyAtrial
pregnancyHealthy
Delivery
delivery
deliveries
labour
delivery
Perinatal
Perinatal
conception
Pre
pregnancy
pregnancy
Gestational
Gestational
Birth
Preterm delivery
gestational
gestational
delivery
Fetal
births
conception
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnancy
breastfed
gestational
Pregnancy
gestational
born
preterm
deliveries
birth
gestational
Delivery
born
prenatally
reuptake
pregnancy
maternal
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
becoming
pregnant
pregnancy
preconceptional
smoked
pregnancy
breastfeed
prenatal
preterm
deliveries
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
gestational
gestational
pregnancy
conception
pre
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
gestation
breastfeed
delivered
Fetal
gestational
deliveries
pregnancy
prenatally
pregnancy
pre
pregnancy
births
LGA
deliveries
pregnancy
conception
gestational
pregnancy
gestational
birth
births
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestation
deliveries
delivery
delivery
birth
pregnant
reproductive
pregnancy
pregnancy
Prenatal
prenatally
prenatal
pregnant
prenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
teratogenic
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
reproductive
vertebral development
prenatal
embryonic development
vertebral formation
skeletogenesis
lordosis
lysis
kyphotic
lordosis
born
birth
perinatal
cardiovascular
homeostasis
pressure
secreted
regulation
endocytic
membrane
overexpress
overexpress
regulating
intracellular signaling
protein trafficking
birth
atelosteogenesis
skeletogenesis
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
motherhood
pregnancy
trimester
trimester
development of muscles ... organs
trimester
delivery
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
Born
born
Preterm
birth
death
deaths
born
preterm birth
care
preterm
deaths
mortality
preterm
deaths
antenatal
Save
preterm birth
Reproductive
Preterm birth
preterm
birth
born
preterm birth
care of ... baby
preterm birth
preterm birth
deaths
preterm birth
care
care
Women ' s ... Children ... s Health
Development
pregnancies
preterm birth
pregnancies
preconception
antenatal care
preterm birth
birth
antenatal
pregnant
preterm
of
stillbirths
preterm
birth
deaths
preterm birth
preterm birth
preterm birth
preconception
antenatal
births
weeks of gestation
deliveries
preterm birth prevention
preterm birth
livebirths
embryo transfers
assisted reproductive
delivery
preterm prevention
preterm birth
preterm births
preterm
birth
planning
sexually transmitted infections
birth
preterm birth
gestational
preterm birth
preterm birth
intrapartum
preterm birth
preterm
Tocolytic
preterm
birth
birth
preterm
Care
born
born
death
born
preterm
birth
births
preterm
births
gestation
deaths
care
breastfeeding
intrapartum care
care
preterm birth
reproductive ...
maternal ... health
preterm birth
die
preterm birth
preconception
antenatal
death
preterm birth
pregnancy
Sexually Transmitted
cycle
stillbirths
care
death
preterm birth
care of ... baby
planning
preterm birth
care
care
preconception
pregnancy
care of preterm newborns
deaths
family planning
antenatal care
birth
breathe
maternal ...
deaths
birth
postnatal
preterm birth
preterm birth
preterm birth
care
Preterm
birth
birth
preterm
birth
preterm birth
born
preterm
death
preterm birth
born
delivery
preterm birth
preterm birth
pregnancy
preterm birth
preconceptual
antenatal
preterm birth
preterm birth
planning
preterm birth
antenatal
preterm
preterm birth
preterm birth
gestational age
preterm birth
preterm
birth
preterm birth
regulate
uterine
quiescence
of labour
pregnancy
preterm birth
pregnancy
births
reproductive
pregnancy
preterm
delivery
placentation
growth
preterm birth
die
maternal
preterm labour
antenatal
Delivery
family planning
care
preterm
deliveries
management
cognitive
preterm birth
prevention of
preterm birth
preterm
preterm birth
pregnant
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
stillbirths
deaths
preterm birth
lives
death
deaths
preterm
birth
Preterm Birth
deaths
deaths
births
deaths
antenatal
feeding
deaths
deaths
preterm
preterm birth
neonatal
deaths
stillbirths
antenatal
deaths
deaths
births
Deaths
Deaths
dying
preterm birth
Family planning
preterm birth
deaths
preterm birth
deaths
preterm birth
births
death
preterm births
Mortality
antenatal
birth
deaths
preterm birth
births
deaths
die
deaths
deaths
antenatal
deaths
preterm
birth
preterm
death
death
maternal deaths
stillbirths
birth
preterm birth
born
preterm
birth
preterm birth
preterm birth
Preterm birth
preterm birth
preterm birth
preconception
planning
pregnancy
birth
postnatally
preterm birth
antenatal
Life -
birth of ... baby
Premature Birth
preterm
birth
preterm birth
preterm birth
preterm birth
birth
prematurity
preterm birth
birth
preterm birth
maternal
preterm birth
gestational
maternal ...
neonatal care
preconception
perinatal
preterm birth
care
preterm birth
of life
preterm birth
of
preterm births
preterm birth
antenatal
preterm births
deaths
preterm birth
management
preterm birth
preterm birth
preterm birth
pregnancy
preterm
birth
preterm birth
pregnancy
preterm births
preterm birth
preterm birth
preterm births
preterm births
gestational
birthweight
death
preterm
preterm birth
adolescence
preterm birth
preterm births
deaths
preterm
care
die
giving birth
die
born
die
preterm birth prevention
reproductive ...
maternal health
Reproductive
Sexually Transmitted
Reproductive
Gestational
Gestational
pregnancy
metabolized
gestational
preeclampsia
pregnancies
gestational
Gestational
pregnancy
gestational
gestation
prenatal
prenatal
demise
birthweight
birth
postpartum
gestational
Gestational
pregnancy
pregnancies
degradation of ... vasopressin
pregnancy
gestation
postpartum
pregnancies
degradation of vasopressin
gestational
metabolized
preeclampsia
platelet aggregation
gestational
preeclampsia
pregnancies
swimming
tasted
drinking
consumption
activated T cells
births
deaths
reproductive
sperm formation
estrogenic
reproduction
pregnant
Birth
birth
DNA repair
repairing
DNA repair
Birth
Prenatal
pregnancy
Pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnant
prenatal
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
prenatal
prenatal
breastfeeding
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
gestational
Anaemia during
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
gestation
intake
prenatal
gestational
prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnant
pregnancy
nutritional
prenatal
given
birth
pregnancies
birth
cognitive
births
delivery
partum
unwanted
pregnancy
prenatal
gestational
prenatal
breastfeeding
Pregnancy
Diet
pregnancy
pregnancy
breastfeeding
breastfeeding
nutritional knowledge
births
pregnancy
Gestational
prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
prenatal
prenatal
prenatal
breastfeeding
prenatal
nutritional
prenatal
prenatal
prenatal care
pregnancy
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
breastfeed
pregnancy
gestational
prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
natal
births
prenatal
prenatal
prenatal
prenatal
prenatal
prenatal
prenatal
prenatal
Prenatal
prenatal
prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
prenatal
prenatal
breastfeeding
prenatal
pregnancy
prenatal
prenatal
nutritional knowledge
prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
knowledge
intake
prenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
intake
trimesters
pregnancy
pregnancy
conception
trimester
intake
pregnancy
trimester
pregnancy
pregnancy
conception
conception
conception
conception
pregnancy
prenatal
trimester
prenatal
conception
pregnancies
intake
pregnancy
prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
prenatal
prenatal
prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
conception
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
prenatal
prenatal
Prenatal
gestational
gestational
delivery
prenatal care
prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnancy
breastfeeding
prenatal
pregnancies
nutritional
prenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
delivery
prenatal
pregnancy
conception
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
knowledge
pregnancy
prenatal care
pregnancy
prenatal
childbearing
Expression
Preterm
Pregnancies
Pregnancy
birth
birth
pregnancies
expression
birth
expression
expression
pregnancy
gave
birth
birth
splice
Pregnancy
fetal development
pregnancy
birth
splice
alternative splicing
expression
splice
regulation
prenatal
expression
pregnant
fetomaternal
immune adaptation
fetal development
metabolic
pregnancies
expression
birth
birth
splicing
expression
pregnant
trimester
pregnancy
pregnancy
delivery
delivering
gestation
gestation
delivery
deliveries
pregnancy
laboring
delivery
deliveries
pregnancy
delivery
reverse - transcribed
expression
planned
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy planning
pregnancy
Expression
expressed
gestational
gestational
splicing
expression
maternal
expression
expression
expression
expression
expression
expression
expression
expression
gene expression
expression
Fetal
Birth
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy planning
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy planning
consumption of ... food during
pregnancy
prenatal
maternal stress
... of ... offspring
pregnancy
gave
birth
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
regulated
alternative splicing
splice
expressed
expression
regulation
regulation
Preterm
maternal stress
complications
pregnancy
birth
silencing
preterm
labor
splicing
gestational
preterm birth
birth
pregnancy
fusogenic
expressed
regulation
quiescence
contractility
expression
contractile
birth
maternal
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
Gestational
dietetic
dietetic
dietetic
dietetic
Childhood
well - being
milk
consumption
Early Childhood Caries
decay
Childhood
-
eating
regulates
bone
tooth development
production of ... peptides
decayed
fed
fed
Childhood
intake
fed
fed
breastfed
snacking
birth
pregnancy
maternal
milk intake
pregnancy
consumption
intake
Childhood
fed
intake
consumption
endogenous synthesis
consumption
- being
tooth development
eating
prenatal
birth
birth
intrauterine development
intrauterine development
birth
antenatal
birth
birth
birth
regressed
birth
grows
grow
maternal
pregnancy
birth
transmits
meiosis
cell reproduction
birth
postnatal
regression
birth
birth
IgE
anaphylaxis
anaphylactic allergic reactions
anaphylaxis
prenatal
expression
thermogenic
expressed
thermogenic
controlled
Endocrine
bone morphogenic
thermogenesis
secreted
metabolic
thermogenesis
BAT activation
overexpression
secreted
glucose homeostasis
insulin signaling
death
dysregulation
intake
regulation of energy balance
neuroendocrine
regulation of energy intake
endocrine
secreting
metabolic
innervated
respiration
ATP synthesis
heat production
shivering
thermogenesis
heat production
muscle
perinatal
birth
gestation
fetal development
birth
intake
lipid metabolism
lipolysis
lipogenesis
fatty acid beta - oxidation
triglyceride hydrolysis
thermogenesis
lipolysis
glucose uptake
glucose uptake
glucose uptake
glucose uptake
metabolized
synthesis
- CoA
fatty acid synthesis
metabolic
thermogenesis
shivering
thermogenesis
regulation
regulating
metabolism
metabolism
shivering
thermogenesis
expressing
activation
overexpression
differentiation of ... adipocytes
bone morphogenic
secreted
expressed
regulation
expression
expression
metabolic
lipolysis
thermogenesis
controls
glycemic control
expression
glucose metabolism
postnatal
feeding
circadian
metabolism
secreted
secreted
food intake
secreted
glucose uptake
metabolic
glucose homeostasis
expression
expression
energy homeostasis
metabolic control
regulate
expression
thermogenesis
regulate
adaptive thermogenesis
modulate
expression
thermogenesis
metabolic
Bone morphogenic
development ... of ... tissues
energy homeostasis
adipogenesis
expression
energy homeostasis
thermogenesis
expressed
express
regulate
intake
expressed
thermogenesis
feeding
differentiation of ... cells
regulation of ...
cells
metabolic homeostasis
dephosphorylation
phosphatidylinositol
AKT signaling pathway
biological processes
expression
hibernation
hibernation
regulation of adipose tissue lipolysis
fed
food intake
lipogenesis
pregnancy
metabolism
modulate
perinatal
postnatal
homeostasis
feeding
pregnant
lactating
metabolic
birth
pregnancy
gestation
Gestational
birth
metabolic
gestation
metabolic
gestation
metabolic
thermogenic
expression
thermoregulation
metabolic
regulation of glucose metabolism
metabolically
thermogenesis
thermogenesis
thermogenesis
thermogenesis
energy expenditure
glucose homeostasis
thermogenesis
glucose
expressed
metabolism
secretes
pregnant
postpartum
pregnant
delivery of ... baby
consumption
postpartum
pregnancy
postpartum
smoking cessation
smoking cessation
healthy eating ... active living
control
postpartum
- management
smoking
pregnant
prenatal
postpartum
Cognitive
pregnancy
pregnant
postpartum
prenatal
prenatal
gestation
read
gestation
postpartum
postpartum
recall
Mothers
gestational
prenatal
pregnancy
perinatal grief
prenatal
reproductive health care
postpartum
postpartum
live birth
Prepregnancy
prenatal
consuming
pregnancy
gestation
pregnancy
delivered
pregnancy
pregnancy
postpartum
Eating
prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
prenatal
consumption
postpartum
pregnancy
consuming
postpartum
Eating
prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
prenatal
postpartum
prenatal
pregnant
use
pregnant
postpartum
postpartum
alcohol consumption
consumption
consumption
pregnancy
drinking
prenatal
drinking
postpartum
consumption
pregnancy
breastfeeding
Text messaging
delivery
snacking
delivery
Prenatal
prenatal care
development of ... embryo
prenatal
fed
birth
fragmentation
fed
implantation
fathered
expression
conception
paternal
consuming
development of offspring
regulation
prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
Pregnancy
Foetal Neurodevelopment
foetal development
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
intake
pregnant
neurodevelopmental
intake
pregnancy
pregnant
births
intake
neurodevelopmental
pregnant
neurodevelopment
cognition
pregnancy
neurodevelopment
pregnancy
foetal development
consumption
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
consuming
pregnant
consuming
pregnancy
consumption
pregnant
consumption
foetal
neurodevelopment
birth
abortion
neurodevelopmental
consumption
pregnancy
foetal
neurodevelopment
intake
pregnant
consumption
pregnancy
foetal
neurodevelopment
neurodevelopment
pregnant
births
maternal
consumption of fish
neurodevelopmental
consumption
neurodevelopmental
pregnancyPregnan
neurodevelopmental
cognition
cognitiveNeurodevelopment
intake
pregnant
foetal
neurodevelopmental
Pregnant
Pregnant
Pregnant
gestation
consumption
Neurodevelopmental
intake
gestation
cognition
Recognition
Memory
consumption
gestation
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
trimester
pregnancy
pregnancy
consumption
pregnancy
consuming
intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
consumption
consumption
pregnancy
pregnancy
fish consumption
consumption
consumption
birth
Pregnant
Pregnant
Pregnant
gestation
intake
neurodevelopment
intake
Fish
intake
pregnancy
Visual Motor
pregnancy
delivery
intake
Neurodevelopment
cognitive
perceptive
memory
Fish
intake
birth
Neurodevelopmental
birth
consumption
intake
intake
intake
intake
motor ...
social ...
cognitive ... development
ate
Pregnant
consumption
motor development
consuming
breastfed
motor development
neurodevelopment
consumed
Visual Recognition
Memory
consumed
pregnancy
breastfeeding
neurodevelopment
pregnancy
consumption
pregnancy
breastfed
breastfed
neurodevelopment
consumption
pregnancy
Intelligence
born
born
consumed
pregnancy
gestation
consumption
pregnancy
gestation
consumption
pregnancy
language
intake
pregnancy
maternal
intake
pregnancy
neurodevelopment
consumption
intake
birth
cognitive
born
intake
pregnancy
consumption
offspring
neurodevelopment
intake
consumption
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
intake
foetal
neurodevelopment
neurodevelopment
pregnant
consumption
pregnancy
neurodevelopment
intake
neurodevelopmental
neurodevelopment
neurodevelopment
neurodevelopmental
intake
consumption
intake
neurodevelopment
intake
intake
intake
pregnancy
consumption
pregnancy
neurodevelopmental
neurodevelopment
intake
consumption
cognitive development
childhood development
neurodevelopment
consumption
breastfeeding
intake
pregnancy
neurodevelopmental
neurocognitive development
child development
consuming
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
cognitive
neurocognitive
prenatal
neurodevelopment
brain development
consume
pregnancy
pregnant
consume
neurodevelopment
intake
pregnancy
neurodevelopmental
intake of fish
pregnancy
foetal
neurodevelopmental
foetal
neurodevelopment
intake
pregnancy
fish
intake
pregnancy
maternal
consumption
pregnancy
neurodevelopmental
Prenatal
Pregnancy
prenatal
conceptional
trimester
pregnancy
Perinatal
preeclampsia
die
vitamin D synthesis
perinatal
perinatal
gestational
birth12and
gestational
perinatal
pregnancy
perinatal
pregnancy
prenatal
prenatal
pregnant
preeclampsia
perinatal
pregnancy
gestational
trimester
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
gestation
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
trimester
pregnancy
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
trimester
food intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy15
pregnancy
pregnancy
antenatal
pregnancy
antenatal
natally
breast
fed
antenatal
Vitamin D metabolism
Reproductive
reproductive
reproduction
fertilization
implantation
ovulation
embryo development
reproductive
reproduction
hormone ... production
endometriosis
elimination of endometrial cells
consumption
reproduction process modulation
metabolized
steroidogenesis
regulation
fertilization
synthesis of cholecalciferol
paracrine
spermatogenesis
reproductive
reproduction
endocrinological
reproductive
Reproduction
glycation
metabolic
glucose transport through
walls
expression
ovulation
ovulation
pregnancy
development of ... ovarian follicles
pregnancies
PCOS
postmenopausal
regresses
neovascularization
regulation
elimination of endometrium cells
endometriosis
menstrual cycle
neovascularization
metabolic
menopausal
menopause
assisted reproduction
modulation
spermatogenesis
proliferation of spermatogenic cells
expression
motility
acrosome reaction
motility
Fertility
motility
ion homeostasis
learned
intake
male fertility
Fertilization
fertilization
pregnancy
pregnancy
heartbeat
gestation
pregnancy
live - birth
immuno - modulating
trimester
pregnancy
implantation
expression
synthesis of VD
gene expression
trimester
pregnancy
stimulation of NK cells
expression
production of ... of vitamin D
modulates
paracrine
implantation
pregnancy
preeclampsia
gestation
pregnant
pregnancy
fertilization
implantation
pregnancies
pregnancies
spontaneous reproduction
live birth
live birth
pregnancy
preeclampsia
preterm birth
pregnancy
breast feeding
pregnancy
fertility
pregnant
lactating
pregnant
fertility
pregnancy
reproduction
conception
reproductive
Child Development
Holistic
Development of ... Child
holistic
development of ... child
childhood development
physical ...
development of ... child
child development
antenatal
postnatal
Child Development
Women
Child Development
maternal
birth
antenatal
pregnancy
Women
Child Development
early childhood development
early childhood
antenatal care
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
care
antenatal care
antenatal
pregnancy
care
Development
Antenatal Care
pregnant
deaths
pregnancy
pregnant
care
pregnant
pregnant
antenatal care
Pregnant
pregnant
pregnancies
pregnancy
trimester
pregnancy
gestational
Pregnancy115240
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancies
antenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
trimester
Pregnancy
gestational
antenatal
Pregnancy
pregnancy
second
pregnancies
pregnancy
pregnancy
Pregnancy
pregnancies214
delivery
pregnant
antenatal
antenatal care
pregnancy
antenatal
antenatal
Pregnant
antenatal
pregnancy
breastfeeding
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
family planning
care of
newborn
pregnant
pregnancies
pregnancies
pregnancies
pregnancy
pregnancy
natal
care of
newborn
breastfeeding
natal
pregnant
learn
antenatal
learn
pregnant
health care delivery
pregnant
Pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
health care delivery
pregnancy
pregnant
gestational
Gestational
gestational
pregnancy
control of GDM
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancies
food
intake
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
pregnant
Gestational
pregnant
gestational
pregnancy
pregnant
gestational
conception
pregnancy
gestational
gestational
pregnant
Gestational
gestational
pregnancy
miscarriage
death
pregnancies
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancies
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
Gestational
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
gestational
pregnant
monitored
Expression
gestational
metabolic
gestational
Gestational
expression
lipogenic
expression
polyadenylated
reverse transcribed
expressed
metabolismType
expressionHow
gestational
polyadenylation
fed
pregnancy
fed
birth
suckling
metabolic
gestational
expression
expression
expression
Pregnancy
gestational
control
maternal
gain
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnancy
childbearing
pregnant
gestational
pregnancy
delivery
postpartum
labor
delivery
gestational
pregnancy
gestational
Prepregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
prenatal
gestation
prenatal
pregnancy
Pre
Pregnancy
pre
pregnancy
pre
pregnancy
Gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnancy
pregnancies
pregnancy
pregnancy
prenatal
Gestational
prenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
Gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
postpartum
generational acculturation
pregnancy
pregnancy
prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
defense
delivery
pregnancy
delivery
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestation
delivery
delivery
pregnancy
delivery
birth
pregnancy
delivery
pregnancy
birth122
delivery139
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
delivery
pregnancy
delivery
pregnancy
delivery
birth
pregnancy
delivery0
pregnancy
expression
innate immune
expression
fetal ... development
Pregnancy
Development of Autism
Perinatal
neurodevelopmental
social communication
perinatal
Perinatal
insemination
delivery
birth
pregnancy
labor
prenatal
pregnancy
neurodevelopmental
communication
socialization
pregnancy
birthing
prenatal
gestation
birth
prenatal
delivery
perinatal
perinatal
perinatal
insemination
fertility
birth
pregnancy
neurodevelopmental
perinatal
birth
born
birth
prematurity
prenatal
pregnancy
abortions
delivered
perinatal
perinatal
birth
birth
birth
birth
Feeding
perinatal
pregnancy
childbirth
prenatal
tocolytic
microglial activation
born
pregnancy
born
perinatal
born
preterm
perinatal
prenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
childbearing
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
social behavior
pregnancy
birth
perinatal
Prenatal
pregnancy
Prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
brain homeostasis
embryogenesis
neurodevelopment
gene regulation
pregnancy
monitor
pregnancy
perinatal
expressive
neurodevelopmental
pregnant
pregnancy
reuptake
pregnant
prenatal
social behaviors
pregnancy
infant neurodevelopment
pregnancy
sensory processing
serotonin homeostasis
brain maturation
pregnancy
homeostasis
development
... brains
development of brain structure
intake
Fertility
fertility
reproductive
neurodevelopmental
reproductive
ovulation
insemination
insemination
ovulation
ovulation
birth
fertilization
autistic development
perinatal
perinatal
Birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
gestational
pregnancy
delivery
birth
birth
grew
birth
gestation
preterm birth
pregnancy
prenatal
gestational
prenatal
prepregnancy
birth
born
prepregnancy
born
birth
birth
gestational
birth
birth
birth
birth
gestational
birth
maternal
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
labor
labor
delivery
pregnancy
delivery
deliver
delivery
perinatal
microglial activation
childbirth
perinatal
neurodevelopmental
insemination
delivery
birthing
Birth
gestational
preterm birth
prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
Obesogenic
fed
fed
pregnancy
metabolic
gestational
control of feeding behavior
food intake
feeding
fed
pregnancy
born
Food intake
gene expression
feeding
DNA methylation
food intake
fed
Expression
fed
Expression
DNA methylation
obesogenic
fed
feeding
modulation of food intake
regulatory
pregnancy
postnatal
multivitamin consumption
pregnancy
feeding
pregnancy
food intake
metabolic
food intake
appetite control
feeding
regulation of feeding pathways
metabolism
metabolic
adaptive response
postnatal
postnatal
gestational
fed
fed
obesogenic
modulation of gene expression
regulatory
DNA methylation
fed
fed
born
fed
gestational
control of feeding behavior
feeding
food intake
control
gene expression
feeding
born
born
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
fed
delivery
lactation
fed
gestational
fed
fed
Food Intake
Food intake
birth
gene expression
DNA methylation
Gene Expression
DNA Methylation
food intake
gestational
gene expression
Food Intake
birth
born
born
food intake
food intake
Gene Expression
expression
expression
expression
gestational
expression
expression
gestational
expression
gestational
food intake
food intake regulatory
regulation
gene expression
feeding
fed
born
food intake
metabolic
food intake
gestational
food intake
control
feeding
fed
postnatal
fed
food intake
gestational
expression
food intake regulatory
fed
intake regulation
food intake
metabolic
born
fed
pregnancy
expression
appetite - suppressing
born
expression
anorexigenic
fed
pregnancy
food intake
appetite regulatory
food intake
regulatory
fed
expression
postnatal
milk intake
born
fed
postnatal
food intake
born
fed
expression
gestational
expression
modulate
expression
regulating
intake
regulating
food intake
feeding
expression
expression
expression
dopamine release
dopamine signaling
food intake
gestational
food intake
regulatory
food intake
born
expression
fed
gestational
expression
expressed
gestational
DNA methylation
metabolism of choline
... vitamins
gene expression
regulation of food intake
fed
expression
obesogenic
fed
control of
feeding behavior
feeding
gestational
gestational
delivery
prenatal
prenatal
prenatal
calcium metabolism
pregnancy
perinatal
pregnancy
birth
birth
pregnancy
gestational
birth
pregnancy
preterm
gestational
birth
gestational
trimesters
pregnancy7
perinatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
perinatal
births
births
prepregnancy
delivery
prenatal
maternal
preterm
gestational
birth
birth
birth
gestational
delivery
prenatal
delivery
delivery
prenatal
pregnancy
birth
delivery
delivery
prenatal
delivery
prenatal
prenatal
prenatal
prenatal
delivery
delivery
birth
delivery
Birth
birth
pregnant
calcium metabolism
placental development
birth
gestation
trimester
trimester
perinatal
preterm birth
birth
perinatal
delivery
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
delivery
prenatal
sequestering of vitamin D
pregnancy
delivery
delivery
prenatal
prenatal
prenatal
prenatal
delivering
deliver
birth
perinatal
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestations
pregnancy
perinatal
prenatal
delivering
pregnancy
perinatal
perinatal
pregnant
Mood
pregnancy
post - partum
perinatal
childbirth
perinatal
pregnant
prenatal
pregnancy
gestational
Postnatal
gestation
childbirth
childbirth
gestation
birth
childbirth
gestation
birth
consuming
pregnancy
perinatal
pregnant
postnatal
Mood
pregnancy
post
partum
childbirth
postnatal
antenatal
postpartum
infant development
cognitive
postpartum
postnatal
postnatal
postnatal
postnatal
postpartum
consumption
hydroxylation
regulatory
production of ...
2D
consumption
consumption
calcium homeostasis
brain development
hydroxylation of vitamin D
cognitive
perinatal
partum
gestation
postnatal
postnatal
childbirth
Postnatal
antenatal
pregnant
gestation
postnatal
childbirth
- hydroxyvitamin D
perinatal
antenatal
postnatal
pregnant
prenatal
pregnant
pregnancy
preeclampsia
gestational
preterm birth
gestational
consumption
Postnatal
postpartum
antenatal
perinatal
prenatal
pregnant
breast - feeding
gestation
childbirth
prenatal
gestation
childbirth
birth
postpartum
gestation
gestation
birth
prenatal
pregnant
antenatal
pregnant
childbirth
gestation
birth
pregnant
birth
childbirth
postpartum
pregnancy
pregnancy0
childbirth
gestation6
partum
postpartum
delivery
gestation
birth
gestation
birth
birth
postpartum
birth
childbirth
postpartum
gestation
delivery
gestation6
postpartum
postpartum
gestation
postpartum
postpartum
pregnancy
perinatal
perinatal
vitamin D production
birth
trimester
gestation
pregnant
prenatal
prenatal
antenatal
antenatal
perinatal
antenatal
pregnancy
antenatal
pregnant
gestational
antenatal
childbirth
gestation
postpartum
consuming
pregnancy
perinatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
perinatal
perinatal
pregnancy
antenatal
postnatal
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
cognitive
secrete
secrete
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
perinatal
childbirth
postnatal
prenatal
antenatal
postnatal
pregnancy
postpartum
motherhood
pregnancy
labor
perinatal
prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
perinatal
gestation
birth
pregnant
cycle
regulatory
regulatory
regulate
gene expression
gene expression
regulatory
regulatory
regulatory
life cycle
fertility
hormonal
reproductive
histone modifications
DNA methylation
life cycle
regulatory
posttranslational
acetylation
ADP ribosylation
ubiquitination
sumoylation
regulates
gene expression
histone acetylation
histone deacteylation
DNA methylation
deaminate
regulatory
DNA methylation
regulate
gene expression
DNA methylation
DNA replication
DNA demethylation
replication
DNA demethylation
demethylation of DNA
regulating
gene expression
remodeling
regulation
gene expression
gene expression
translation
gene expression
embryo ...
germ cell development
histone ...
DNA modifications
regulation of ... life cycle
cycle
fusion of ... spermatozoa ... oocyte ... gametes
fertilization
regulate
expression ...
silencing of ... genes
cycle
re - programing
fertilization
primordial
germ cell ...
PGC ... development
cycle
fertilization
development of ... zygote
embryogenesis
imprinting ...
development of ... germ cells
fertilization
DNA demethylation
histone modifications
... RNA expression
Epigenetic
DNA methylation
histone modifications
development of ... zygote
embryogenesis
expression
miRNA
expression
expression
expression
fertilization
quiescent
expression
cell proliferation ... differentiation
regulation
expression
imprinted control
transcriptional silencing
embryogenesis
embryo development
generation of ... embryos
imprinted
expressed
Imprinted
expressed
prenatal
birth
express
imprinted
imprinted
prenatal
nutrient acquisition
regulation
neurodevelopment
postnatal
energy homeostasis
behavior
embryo development
silencing
loci
embryogenesis
generation of ... cells
of ... generations
imprinted
imprinted
histone modification
... coding RNA expression
sex determination
DNA methylation
histone modifications
quiescent
proliferation
express
histone modifications
DNA methylation
regulate
gene expression
regulation of gene expression
processes
DNA methylation
histone modifications
regulates
gene expression
histone modifications
DNA methylation
production of protein from mRNAs
mRNA degradation
translation
DNA methylation
histone modifications
expression
gene expression
expression
control
cellular homeostasis
DNA methylation
histone modification
expression
production of ... ketoglutarate
detoxification of arsenic
consumption of glutathione
detoxification of reactive oxygen species
glycolytic production of acetyl - CoA
histone acetylation
expression
homeostasis
cell proliferation ... differentiation
embryo ...
germ line development
re - programing ...
imprinting
gene expression
embryo viability ... development
germ line formation
fertility
Gametogenesis
pre
conception
Spermatogenesis
born
reproductive
conception
conception
embryo viability ... development
fertilization
embryo development
expression
regulation of RNA stability
translation
germ line
DNA demethylation re - programing
DNA methylation
spermiogenesis
regulate
embryo development
pre
conception
metabolic
hormonal
birth
conception
conception
conception
birth
DNA methylation
histone modification
pre
conception
adolescence
biological pathways
pathway
gene expression
methylationKundakovic
methylation
methylationPaul
methylationYang
methylation
male fertility
DNA methylation
reproductive
histone modification
DNA methylation
conception
lactation
adolescence
gene expression
conception
Neonatal
Childhood Adulthood
Childhood
metabolic
methylation
methylation
Adolescence
DNA methylationOnishchenko
methylationMartinez
Neonatal
Adolescence
DNA methylation
DNA methylation
Adolescence
carcinogenesismiRNAsKassie
Neonatal
Adolescence
Adolescence
methylationBuscariollo
conception
lactation
glucose - ... lipid - ...
metabolic ...
food preference
methylation
Adolescence
methylation
Pre -
conception
adolescence
anaphylaxisDNA methylationSong
Neonatal
Adolescence
DNA methylation
methylation
maternal
immune activation
infection
life cycle
expression
life cycles
metabolism
metabolism
pregnant
Metabolism
metabolize
metabolism
metabolic
conception
postnatal
life cycle
metabolism
DNA methylation
adolescence
DNA methylation
lactation
DNA methylation
histone modification
wound healing
DNA methylation
gene expression
cellular homeostasis
regulatory
cellular homeostasis
regulatory
regulatory
regulation
regulation
regulation
regulatory
regulation
regulatory
regulatory
metabolic
regulatory
regulatory
regulatory
adaptation
reproductive
regulatory
mitotic
generation reproduction
Reproduction
reproduction
reproductive
reproductive
endocrine
neonatal ...
pubertal development
regulatory
death of
histone modifications
DNA methylation
regulatory
regulated
regulatory
regulatory
regulatory
regulatory
pregnant
pyogenic
pregnancy
pregnant
growing
prenatal
pregnancy
trimester
pregnancy
proliferation of ... cells
ossification
ossification
ossification
proliferation of capillaries
ossifying
ossifying
proliferation
ossification
cutaneous
ossification
metaplastic
proliferation
morphogenic
expression
proliferation
proliferation
Prenatal
Undernutrition
Expression
Lipid Metabolic
feeding behavior
energy homeostasis
lipid metabolism
maternal
preconceptional
gestational
metabolically
gene expression
expression
metabolizing
fatty - acid β - oxidation
respiration
intake
feeding
gene expression
lipogenic
cholesterol biosynthesis
adaptive
regulated
feeding
-
lipid ...
cholesterol biosynthesis
metabolic
metabolic
gestation
metabolic
maternal
eating
pregnancy
postpartum
giving birth
birth
metabolic
gestational
pregnancy
metabolic
glucose metabolism
metabolic
feeding
metabolic
pregnancy
regulation
leptin signaling
hypothalamic development
dopaminergic ...
serotonergic signaling
conception
metabolic
metabolic
leptin signaling
homeostatic
regulating
energy balance
food intake
appetite
metabolic
metabolic
gene expression
nutritional programming
metabolic
pregnancy
lactation
fetal development
expression
metabolism
feeding
feeding
metabolic
preconceptional
gestational
gene expression
lipid ...
cholesterol metabolism
metabolically
feeding
growing
adolescence
energy homeostasis
regulated
metabolism
metabolic
regulating
mating
feeding
Adolescent
mating
fed
fed
mating
gestational
intake
birth
postnatal
Feeding
feeding
feeding
adolescence
postnatal
postnatal
feeding
pregestational
mate
mating
gestational
pregestational
gestational
birth
fed
lactation
postweaning
birth
postnatal
birth
Food intake
lactation
adolescence
fed
Feeding
adolescence
postnatal
postnatal
postnatal
estrous cycle
fed
fed
perinatal
intake
Food intake
food intake
food intake
intake
Compulsive feeding
Compulsive Feeding
feeding
food intake
feeding behavior
intake
intake
adolescence
postnatal
postnatal
feeding
caloric intake
postnatal
intakes
postnatal
Reverse transcription
Gene Expression
intake
feeding
feeding
gene expression
prenatal
intake
gestation
lactation
postweaning
intake
gestation
lactation
intake
gestation
lactation
intake
intake
gestation
lactation
postweaning
intake
lactation
birth
lactation
born
lactation
lactation
postnatal
postnatal
postnatal
postnatal
adolescence
intake
intake
intake
postnatal
postnatal
adolescence
prenatal
food preference
Compulsive feeding
intake
postnatal
adolescence
feeding
feeding
intake
adolescence
intake
intake
intake
adolescence
intake
intake
prenatal
feeding
feeding behavior
intake
postnatal
prenatal
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
prenatal
intake
prenatal
intake
Food restriction
intake
prenatal
prenatal
postnatal
fed
prenatal
prenatal
gene expression
postnatal
fed
prenatal
gene expression
Gene expression
pregestational
gestational
prenatal
gene expression
gene expression
gene expression
gene expression
gene expression
gene expression
gene expression
gene expression
gene expression
prenatal
gene expression
lipid ...
cholesterol metabolism
Gene expression
metabolic
regulating
lipogenesis
fatty - acid β - oxidation
lipid ...
cholesterol metabolism
respiration
prenatal
gene expression
lipogenesis
fatty - acid β - oxidation
cholesterol metabolism
thermogenesis
mitochondria
respiration
gene expression
gene expression
gene expression
gene expression
gene expression
gene expression
gene expression
prenatal
gene expression
Gene expression
regulating
expression
lipid ...
carbohydrate metabolism
prenatal
gene expression
lipid ... storage
gene expression
gene expression
gene expression
gene expression
gene expression
gene expression
gene expression
expression
preconceptional
gestational
birth
feeding
gene expression
cholesterol metabolic
adaptation to maternal malnutrition
feeding
prenatal
intake
gestation
lactation
birth
lactation
hyperemesis
pregnancy
birth
birth
pregnancy
birth
birth
birth
intake
feeding
adolescence
metabolic
control
metabolism
intake
adolescence
caloric intake
feeding
glucose - sensing
control
hunger
metabolic
undernutrition
pregnancy
food intake
leptin signaling
feeding
food intake
metabolic
feeding
intake
food intake
intake
appetite
metabolism
metabolic
energy homeostasis
-
regulated
metabolism
expression
lipid ...
cholesterol metabolism
feeding behavior
feeding
pregnancy
fed
preferences
fed
habituation
gestational
pregnancy
gestational
mating
feeding
intake of palatable food
perception of sweet taste
intake
intake
expression
metabolism
feeding
metabolic
metabolism
gene expression
modulates
appetite
energy homeostasis
lipid ...
cholesterol metabolism
metabolically
gene expression
gene expression
metabolizing
expression
birth
endocannabinoid metabolism
gene expression
endocannabinoid signaling
expression
cholesterol metabolism
gene expression
gene expression
metabolic
gene expression
gene expression
pregnancy
lactation
preconceptional
expression
gene expression
food intake
food intake
metabolically
homeostatic
regulation of ...
endocannabinoid signaling
neurotransmission
metabolism
expression
lipid metabolism
food intake
gene expression
birth
expression
lipid metabolism
gene expression
lipid ...
cholesterol metabolism
fatty - acid β - oxidation
gene expression
- oxidation
respiratory
lipid storage
expression
gene expression
undernutrition
gene expression
gene expression
fatty - acid β - oxidation
lipid ...
glucose metabolism
gene expression
lipogenic
fatty - acid synthesis
cholesterol biosynthesis
expression
fatty - acid ...
cholesterol biosynthesis
metabolic
metabolic
gene expression
estrous
control
estrous cycle
regulate
expression
preconceptional
metabolic
feeding
gene expression
lipid ...
cholesterol metabolism
endocannabinoid signaling
metabolically
mating
feeding
programming
homeostatic
Lactation
breastfeeding
breastfeeding
breastfeed
breastfeed
breastfeeding
quit
breastfeeding
breastfeeding
lactate
lactation
breastfeeding
lactation
lactation
lactation
nurse
Milk Production
lactation
breastfeed
lactation
breastfeeding
breastfeeding
perinatal
breastfeeding
breastfeeding
lactating
breastfeeding
breastfed
milk production
suckling
pumping
breastfeeding
breastfeeding
prenatal
breastfeeding
lactation
delivery
breastfeeding
birth
lactate
lactating
breastfeed
breastfeed
lactation
pregnant
gave
birth
breastfeed
lactation
birth
breastfeeding
growing
birth
pregnancy
birth
delivery
breastfed
given birth
breastfeed
breastfeeding
lactation
birth
trimester
lactates
breastfed
breastfeed
excreted
lactation
perinatal
lactating
breastfeeding
postnatal
immune
breastfeeding
breastfeeding
breastfed
breastfeeding
breastfeeding
pregnancy
birth
breastfeeding
pregnant
pregnant
breastfeeding
breastfeeding
gave
birth
pregnancy
delivery
lactation
lactation
breastfeeding
breastfed
breastfeeding
mammary gland development
maternal
metabolism
Lactogenesis
birth
pregnancy
lactation
breastfeeding
breast development
breast development
lactation
Reproductive Endocrinology
gestational
formation of ... duct system
prenatal
development of ... mammary gland
development of ... mammary gland
lactation
expression
production of milk
lactation
metabolic
lactation
breastfeeding
perinatal
breastfeeding
breastfeeding
lactation
lactogenesis
milk production
giving birth
breastfeed
lactogenesis
milk production
lactation
breastfeeding
lactation
lactogenesis
lactating
lactogenesis
postpartum
lactating
milk production
milk production
breastfeeding
breastfeeding
death
die
death
breastfeed
breastfeeding
breastfed
fed
breastfeeding
breastfeeding
breastfeeding
breastfeeding
Pregnancy
Perinatology
breastfeed
breastfeeding
lactation
breastfeeding
breastfeeding
lactation
Birth
Autonomic Balance
birth
cardiac autonomic modulation
birth
birth
cardiac
autonomic modulation
birth
cardiometabolic
birth
Birth
development
tissue development
birth
birth
born
birth
nitric oxide production
elastin synthesis
autonomic control
fetal
birth
autonomic responses
born
birth
autonomic
birth
birth
autonomic
birth
autonomic
endocrine
prenatal
recall
consume
HRV
expressed
birth
birth
Preterm
delivery
pregnancies
vagal
modulation to ... heart
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
Birth
Birth
Birth
birth
ANS development
birth
intrauterine
autonomic nervous
birth
cardiometabolic
birth
autonomic modulation
birth
autonomic
modulation
birth
prematurity
cardiometabolic
birth
birth
modulation
prenatal
HRV
cardiac
autonomic balance
birth
birth
parasympathetic
autonomic
birth
birth
birth
birth
cardiac autonomic modulation
born
birth
fetal development
birth
HRV
parasympathetic
birth
cardiometabolic
birth
postnatal
born
birth
prenatal
prenatal
birth
prenatal
ANS development
pregnancy
gestation
vagal modulation
birth
parasympathetic modulation
birth
birth
birth
birth
cardiac
autonomic modulation
born
autonomic modulation
cardiometabolic
birth
parasympathetic regulation
prematurity
gestational
pregnant
pregnant
gestational
pregnancy
pregnant
intake
intake
food consumption
consumption of dairy products
mineralization of ... bone
bone remodeling
grown
metabolic
Gestational
expression
insulin
dependent
glucose transport
expression
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
Pregnant
pregnancy
intake
intake
intake
metabolic
pregnancy
metabolic
intake
intake
gestational
intake
intake
pregnant
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
Gestational
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
intake
Food consumption
consumption
consumption
consumption
consumed
consumption
pregnancy
pregnant
consume
consumption
pregnant
consumption
fed
egg - laying
consumes
feeding
egg - laying
consumption
pregnant
pregnancy
consuming
consumption
Perinatal
perinatal
birth
infection
calcium metabolism
homeostasis
prenatal
asthma development
perinatal
birth
birth
born
gestational
birth
birth
awake
respiratory
respiratory
Gestational
delivery
birth47
Gestational
delivery
birth38
pregnancy
expiratory
gestational
delivered
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
breastfed
lung development
birth
birth
perinatal
postnatal
respiratory
respiratory
perinatal
production of ... peptides
Expression
postnatal
respiratory
respiratory
perinatal
Perinatal
Handwashing
Handwashing
Neonatal
deaths
pregnant
gestation
deaths
Deaths
postneonatal
birth
perinatal handwashing
maternal
maternal
making
childcare
childcare
maternal
antenatal care
trimester
births
birth
deaths
pregnant
conception
pregnancy
child bearing
menstrual cycle
delivery
pregnant
pregnancy
delivery
antenatal
pregnancy
antenatal
births
delivery
birth
grows
perinatal
breastfeeding
postnatal
postpartum
feeding
defecation
maternal handwashing
perinatal
death
pregnant
gestation
pregnancy
pregnant
deaths
deaths
deaths
births
delivery
postnatal
postnatal
postnatal
breastfeeding
breastfeeding
birth of
child
breastfeeding
pregnancy
pregnancy
postnatal
birth
postnatal
care
breastfeeding
breastfeeding
transmission of ... organisms
bacteriostatic
pregnancy
antenatal
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
birth
birth
partum
pregnancy
birth
birth
preterm birth
birth
birth
trimester
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
response
preterm
birth
pregnant
birth
delivering
gestational
pregnancies
pregnant
birth
birth
pregnancy
partum
birth
unvaccinated
pregnant
birth
delivering
delivery
gestational
delivery
delivery
cooking
delivery
antenatal
antenatal
pregnancy
antenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
preeclampsia
pregnancy
pregnancy
parturitions
livebirths
delivery
gestational
delivery
Pregnancy
birth
antenatal
menstrual
gestational
antenatal
delivery
birth
antenatal
unvaccinated
antenatal
pregnant
Birth
gestational
delivery
gestational
antenatal
gestational
gestational
gestational
delivery
Fetal
birth
born
gestational
birth
born
birth
antenatal
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
antenatal
parturitions
birth
delivery
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
parturitions
birth
partum
delivery
pregnant
trimester
antenatal
pregnancy
antenatal
antenatal care
pregnant
partum
antenatal
antenatal
antenatal
antenatal
pregnancy441
parturitions
gestational
birth
birth
birth
gestational
birth
trimester
preterm birth
birth
birth
pregnant
partum
Birth
gestational
Preterm birth
birth
consumption
pregnancy
parturitions
antenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
preeclampsia
delivery
parturitions
antenatal
pregnancy
antenatal
delivery
parturitions
pregnancy
pregnancy
antenatal
antenatal
cooking
antenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
antenatal
parturitions
delivery
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
parturitions
pregnancy
birth
birth
pregnant
partum
Birth
gestational
birth
birth
consumption
pregnancy
parturitions
antenatal
antenatal
pregnancy
parturitions
antenatal
antenatal
parturitions
antenatal
consumption
pregnancy
antenatal
antenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
delivery
cooking
parturitions
pregnancy
pregnancy
antenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
preeclampsia
delivery
antenatal
trimester
pregnancy
antenatal
antenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
preeclampsia
delivery
consumption
pregnancy
antenatal
antenatal
pregnancy
delivery
trimester
pregnancy
antenatal
antenatal
pregnancy
delivery
parturitions
pregnancy
antenatal
antenatal
pregnancy
birth
pregnant
trimester
partum
Birth
trimester
gestational
Preterm birth
birth
cooking
antenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
antenatal
parturitions
delivery
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
parturitions
pregnancy
birth
trimester
delivering
birth
pregnant
pregnancy
birth
antenatal
pregnancy
trimester of gestation
birth
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancies
pregnancy
gestational age
delivery
gestational
delivery
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
abortion
birth
birth
pregnant
gestational
birth
pregnancy
lactation
pregnancy
preterm birth
preterm birth
pregnant
pregnant
prenatal
live
birth
pregnancy
gestational
births
deaths
death
pregnancy
trimester
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
deliveries
pregnant
prenatal
delivery
prenatal
prenatal
(
production of ...
delivery of ... infant
gestation
pregnant
preterm
delivery
gestational
birth
delivery
production of ... hormone
delivery
pregnant
delivery
delivery
pregnancy
pregnancy
Preterm Birth
Birth
Preterm
gestational
birth
gestational age
birth
gestational
birth
birth
gestation
birth
gestational
birth
preterm birth
Preterm
Birth
Birth
preterm birth
preterm birth
Preterm Birth
Preterm Birth
Preterm Birth
Preterm Birth
births
gestational
birth
gestational
birth
preterm
birth
birth
gestation
birth
Preterm
birth
gestational
birth
preterm
delivery
prenatal
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
trimester
prenatal
delivered
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
mortality
glucose homeostasis
pregnancy
glucose homeostasis
pregnancy
pregnancy
glucose metabolism
pregnant
gestation
pregnancy
gestation
antenatal
antenatal
antenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
antenatal
pregnancy
circannual rhythm
production of vitamin D
pregnant
pregnant
expression
glucose homeostasis
pregnancy
gestational
gestational
pregnancy
vitamin D production
regulation of ... circadian ... circannual rhythms
control
production of nitric oxide
well - being
rhythms
circadian clock
circannual biological clocks
gestational
gestational
pregnancies
conception
circannual rhythms
glucose homeostasis
metabolic
gestating
pregnancy
glucose metabolism
glucose metabolism
pregnant
glycaemic
pregnancy
delivered
birth
gestational
antenatal
gestation
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
antenatal
consumed
trimester
pregnancy
well - being
-
antenatal
pregnancy
gestation
pregnancy
gestation
Homeostasis
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
antenatal
metabolic
pregnancy
metabolic
metabolic
antenatal
antenatal
antenatal
antenatal
antenatal
glucose metabolism
pregnancy
pregnancy
antenatal
pregnancy
antenatal
antenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
antenatal
pregnancy
antenatal
pregnancy
antenatal
glucose metabolism
pregnancy
antenatal
antenatal
glucose metabolism
pregnancy
glucose metabolism
pregnancy
antenatal
pregnancy
glucose metabolism
pregnancy
antenatal
pregnancy
antenatal
metabolic
glucose metabolism
metabolic
antenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
glucose metabolism
pregnancy
metabolic
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
emotional well - being
antenatal
antenatal
intake
emotional well - being
glucose metabolism
antenatal
early
pregnancy
-
antenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
glucose metabolism
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
glucose metabolism
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestation
glucose homeostasis
well - being
antenatal
glucose metabolism
circannual rhythm
pregnancy
glucose metabolism
pregnancy
glucose homeostasis
glucose homeostasis
reproduction
hibernation
metabolism
regulate
circannual rhythms
circadian clock
regulated
sleep
release of insulin from ... cells
pregnancy
glucose homeostasis
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestation
rhythms
gestational
gestational
gestation
pregnancy
pregnancies
gestational
conception
gestational
pregnancy
gestational
pregnant
glycaemic
glycaemic
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
metabolic
intakes
pregnant
pregnancies
glucose homeostasis
pregnancy
gestation
antenatal
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
gestational
gestate
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
production of vitamin D
pregnant women
pregnancy
glucose metabolism
gestation
glucose homeostasis
pregnancy
antenatal
gestational
pregnancy
given
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
gestational
antenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
antenatal
gestation
glucose homeostasis
circannual rhythm
intake
pregnancy
maternal
consumption
pregnancy
maternal
intake
pregnancy
birth
maternal
intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
maternal
intake
intake
maternal
intake
pregnancy
intake
intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
intake
consumption
consumption
consumption
pregnancy
perinatal
consumption
intake
pregnancy
birth
consumption
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
birth
pregnant
delivery
pregnancies
birth
pregnancy
gestation
consumption
consumption
intake
intake
consumption of ... food
partum
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
delivery
pregnancy
birth
breastfeeding
pregnancy
pregnancy
maternal
pregnancy
intake
intake
maternal
pre
pregnancy
gestational
delivery
birthweight
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
natal
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
natal
intake
intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
breastfeeding
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
maternal
pregnancy
maternal
intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
Birthweight
Gestational
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
pregnancyp
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
breastfeeding
intake
pregnancy
intake
pregnancyp
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
breastfeeding
maternal
intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
breastfeeding
pregnancy
gestational
delivery
birthweight
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
natal
intake
pregnancy
intake
pregnancyFree
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
breastfeeding
birthweight
birth
maternal
intake
pregnancy
intake
perinatal
consumption
maternal
intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
consumption
intake
intake
consumption
consumption
consumption of ... sugars
consumption
generation of uric acid
cell ... immunity
allergic inflammation
activation of ... cells
immune responses
pregnancy
Th2 immune responses
natally
gestational
pregnancy
gestational
birth
pregnancy
consumption
intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
maternal
intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
maternal
intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
consumption
D metabolism
antenatal
gestational
antenatal
antenatal
gestation
delivery
gestation
vitamin D biosynthesis
antenatal
protein synthesis
vitamin D metabolism
antenatal
pregnant
musculoskeletal development
vitamin D metabolism
Pregnancy
hormonal
metabolic
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
D
pregnancy
pregnant
vitamin D metabolism
antenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestation
pregnancy
gestation
metabolic
gestation
delivery
pregnancy
antenatal
intrapartum
antenatal
pregnancy
gestation
Pregnancy
gestation
consumed
consumption
gestation
gestation
delivered
born
gestation
gestation
gestation
gestation
regressed
gestation
gestation
pregnancy
gestation
pregnancy
pregnancy
delivered
born
Pregnancy
gestation
Early
PregnancySNPReference
gestation
gestation
pregnancy
gestation
pregnancy
pregnancy
Gestation
PregnancySNPReference
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestation
gestation
pregnancy
gestation
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
vitamin D metabolism
pregnancy
vitamin D biosynthesis
regulated
gestational
antenatal
pregnancy
antenatal
Gestational
endocrine
birth
Pregnant
endocrine
Gestational
gestational
birth
pregnant
gestation
birth
birth
Gestational
birth
Gestational
birth
Endocrine
pregnant
reproductive
gestational
birth
birth
gestational
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
pregnant
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
pregnancy
prenatal
gestation
birth
Birth
delivery
birth
Birth
birth
gestational
gestation
gestational
expressed
gestation
reproductive
neurodevelopment
birth
pregnant
birth
birth
delivery
natal
gestation
birth
gestational
birth
birth
birthweight
natal
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
gestational
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
Controlling
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
gestational
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
adipose tissue development
regulatory
weight homeostasis
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
gestational
gestational
birth
gestational
birth
birth
metabolism
metabolized
metabolized
cutaneous
vitamin D production
aging
synthesis of vitamin D
premenopausal
pregnant
trimester
pregnancy
pregnancy
abortion
gestational
preterm
intake
prenatal
pregnancy1st
ATrimester
pregnancy1st
pregnancy1st
vitamin D synthesis
gestational
birth
gestational
birth
born
birth
birth
gestation
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
pregnant
gestational
pregnancies
pregnancy
pregnancy
metabolic
Fetal
birth
birth
birth
birth
delivery
pregnancy
born
gestation
birth
gestational
prenatal
pregnancy
prenatal
gestational
pregnancy
birth
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
delivery
pregnancy
prenatal
Gestation
trimester
delivery
deliveries
Prepregnancy
Prepregnancy
prenatal
gestational
gestational
gestational
delivery
prepregnancy
Prepregnancy
pregnancy
Birth
birth
pregnancy
birth
Birth
birth
birth
gestational
prenatal
GDM
pregnant
prenatal
pregnancy
birth
prepregnancy
gestational
delivery
pregnancy
gestation
gestation
pregnancy
gestation
delivery
pregnancy
gestational
gestational
gestational
gestational
gestational
gestation
prepregnancy
pregnancy
birth
birth
birth
prepregnancy
prepregnancy
maternal
pregnancy
prepregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
Pregnancy
gestation
gestation
prepregnancy
gestation
pregnancy
prepregnancy
pregnancy
born
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
prepregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
delivery
birth
birth
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
delivery
Prepregnancy
birth
birth
Birth
gestational
birth
birth
prepregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
gestational
birth
birth
pregnancy
birth
birth
delivery
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
born
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
gestational
birth
preterm
delivery
pregnancy
gestational
Pregnant
antenatal
Gestational
gestations
terminated
pregnancies
birth
Preterm
delivery
delivery
gestational
pregnancy loss
death
pregnancy loss
pregnancy
preterm
delivery
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
preterm
delivery
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancies
preeclampsia
death
angiogenesis
pregnant
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
preeclampsia
gestational
pregnancy
birth
gestational
birth
preterm
delivery
pregnancy
preterm
delivery
miscarriage
pregnancy loss
pregnancy loss
miscarriage
pregnancy
implantation
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
preterm
delivery
pregnancy
pregnancy
Pregnant
gestational
antenatal
pregnancy
gestational
Gestational
delivery
gestational
menstrual
terminated
pregnancy
Pregnancy
birth
birth
Preterm
delivery
delivery
gestational
preterm
delivery
Pregnancy
abortions
gestational
death
pregnancy loss
abortion
gestational
pregnancy
gestational
Pregnancy loss
gestational
miscarriage
gestational
gestational
gestational
antenatal
conception
pregnant
birth
preterm
delivery
pregnancy
gestational
gestational
conception
pregnancy loss
conception
gestational
antenatal
live born
birth
gestational
delivery
pregnant
birthMeanSDBirth
delivery
gestational
birth
Preterm
delivery
preterm
delivery
Pregnancy
death
born
pregnant
trimester
pregnancy
gestational
delivery
birth
gestational
delivery
birth
Birth
preterm
delivery
born
deliveries
delivered
delivered
delivered
gestational
preterm
delivery
preterm
delivery
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
gestational
delivery
birth
gestational
preterm delivery
birth
pregnancy
conception
Pregnancy
gestational
antenatal
pregnancy
conception
preterm
delivery
preterm
delivery
preeclampsia
Pregnancy loss
pregnancy loss
pregnancy loss
gestational
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
preterm
delivery
preterm
delivery
pregnancy
pregnancy
preeclampsia
preterm
delivery
preeclampsia
birth
preterm birth
pregnancy
intake
birth
preterm
delivery
conception
pregnancy
transport of nutrients across ... placenta
regulating
vitamin D metabolism
preterm
birth
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
birth
vitamin D metabolism
pregnancy
pregnancy
endocrine
pregnancy
pregnancy
miscarriage
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
born
antenatal care
pregnancy loss
gestational
antenatal
pregnancy
pregnant
gestational
delivery
pregnancy loss
pregnancy loss
demise
terminated
pregnancy
preterm
delivery
birth
birth
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
preterm
delivery
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
preterm
delivery
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
Early
Pregnancy
gestational
pregnant
birth
pregnancy
birth
maternal
birth
neurodevelopment
neurodevelopmental
birth
trimester
pregnancy
birth
birth
birth
birth
trimester
control
pregnant
pregnant
trimester
pregnant
pregnant
trimester
pregnancies
Dietary
Pregnant
consumption
intakes
consumed
consumption of foods
birth
gestational
birth
Neonatal
birth
birth
birth
birth
delivery
delivery
stillbirth
pregnant
intakes
delivery
preterm
delivery
abortion
stillbirth
intake
delivery
stillbirth
birth
birth
birth
birth
trimester
pregnancy
birth
gestational
pregnancy
trimester
pregnancy
birth
birth
birth
pregnancy
delivering
birth
intakes
birth
intakes
pregnancies
pregnancy
pregnancy
consumption of
meats
intake
intake
postpregnancy
prepregnancy
pregnant
food preparation
birth
gestational
birth
pregnancy
birth
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
Pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
gestation
Pregnancy
gestational
gestation
GDM
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
preeclampsia
gestational
preterm birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
lactation
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
delivered
gestational
pregnancy
gestation
preterm
delivery
delivery
preterm
delivery
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestation
pregnancy
nulliparous
gestation
pregnancy
pregnancy
Pregnancy
pregnancy
gestation
pregnancies
pregnancy
delivered
gestational
gestation
Pregnancy
gestational
gestation
pregnancy
uncomplicated
pregnancy
gestation
gestation
gestation
pregnancy
eat
gestation
pregnancy306
pregnancy1185
pregnancy
pregnancy
delivered
delivered
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
preeclampsia
gestational
gestational
preterm birth
gestational
gestation
pregnancy
vitamin D metabolism
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
preeclampsia
gestational
gestational
preterm birth
gestational
gestation
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestation
pregnant
pregnant
sequester
pregnancy
glycaemic control
gestation
pregnancy
pregnant
placental development
placentation
pregnancy
expresses
Vitamin D metabolism
pregnancy
pregnancies
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestation
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
regulates
calcium homeostasis
gestation
pregnancies
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
gestational
birth
gestational
birth
pregnant
trimester
pregnancy
gestation
birth
birth
trimester
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
sexual maturation
regulatory
regulated
degradation of ... cell
gestantional
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
metabolic
metabolic
regulation
birth
gestation
pregnant
pregnant
trimester
pregnancy
pregnancy
trimester
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
prenatal
Gestational
menstruation
trimester
pregnancy
gestational
endocrinology
metabolism
birth
childbirth
pregnancy
Pre
pregnancy
pre
pregnancy
childbirth
family planning
postpartum
childcare
feeding
pregnancy
birth
birth
birth
birth
trimester
trimester
regulation
circulation through
placenta
endocrine
gestational
gestational
born
pregnancies
gestational
birth
fetal
cellular processes
metabolism
cell differentiation
aging
apoptosis
chromatin modulation
negative
regulation of gene expression
NAD + synthesis
regulation
metabolism of energy
differentiation of stem cells
expression
expression
synapse formation
modulation
memory
neuronal development
neuritogenesis
+
regulation
intake
pathway
expression
hunger
food intake
expressed
lactating
regulated
postpartum
excretion of visfatin
breastfeeding
pregnancies
gestational
birth
birth
excreted
childbirth
birth
development of ... brain
energy balance regulation
regulating
birth
metabolic
metabolic regulations
expression
glucose entry
birth
pregnancy
birth
trimester
pregnancy
gestational
prenatal
childbirth
birth
trimester
trimester
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
perinatal
preterm
delivery
birth
pregnant
deaths
preterm
delivery
antenatal
perinatal
pregnant
pregnancy
antenatal
trimester
pregnancy
deaths
died
deaths
deaths
deaths
deaths
deaths
preconception
antenatal
intrapartum
postnatal
antenatal
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
reproductive
pregnant
pregnant
lactating
perinatal
trimester
pregnancy
perinatal mortality
live
born
pregnancy
death
antenatal
death
pregnancy
preterm
delivery
birth
preterm
delivery
deaths
pregnant
deaths
preterm
delivery
antenatal
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
gestation
antenatal
birthweight
preterm
delivery
trimester
pregnancy
preterm delivery
birth
maternal
birth
maternal
pregnancy surveillance
antenatal care
maternal
pregnant
gestational
pregnant
birth
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
reproductive
menstrual
pregnant
pregnancy
delivery
delivery
pregnant
consumption
consumption
consume
pregnancy
monitor
pregnancies
pregnancy
pregnant
antenatal ...
postnatal care
trimester
pregnancy
birth
preterm
delivery
deaths
preterm
delivery
birth
death
pregnant
nausea
deaths
deaths
postpartum
die
death
death
preterm
delivery
birth
death
Birth
birth
delivery
births
birth
gestation
gestation
pregnancy
birth
death
birth
deaths
preterm
delivery
birth
pregnant
pregnant
birth
pregnancies
birth
births
pregnancies
menstrual cycle
reproductive
pregnant
pregnancy
menstrual
pregnancy
pregnancy
delivery
delivery
delivery
delivery
pregnancy
reproductive
pregnancy
consumption
antenatal care
birth
birth
deaths
antenatal
postnatal
pregnant
pregnant
gestation
birth
maternal
death
death
death
Gynaecological
Perinatal
maternal
death
preterm
delivery
foetal growth ... development
birth
infant development
antenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
antenatal care
gestation
antenatal
antenatal care
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
deaths
antenatal
pregnancy
deaths
antenatal
pregnancy
delivery
immune development
vertical
transfer
maternal microbes
delivery
breastfeeding
pregnancy
delivery
Birth
prenatal
delivery
delivered
born
intake
intake
born
delivered
delivered
born
pregnancy
lactation
Prenatal
pregnancy
consumption
pregnancy
intake
gnotobiotic
pregnancy
delivery
delivery
born
birth
pregnancy
delivery
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
gestational
born
breastfed
prenatal
delivery
Gestational
Birth
Gestational
Feeding
breastfed102
fed6
delivered
feeding
consumption
consumption
born
breastfed
delivered
delivered
breastfed
infant
feeding
delivered
delivered
intake
maternal
intake
fruit intake
pregnancy
feeding
delivered
delivered
delivered
feeding
intake
intake
fruit intake
delivered
delivered
intake
delivered
delivered
maternal
intake
intake
delivered
intake
delivered
born
born
gestation
delivered
delivered
intake
maternal
intake
pregnancy
feeding
delivery
fed
consumption
consumption
cognition
intake
born
intake
consumption
consumption
born
consumption
born
intake
delivered
intake
delivered
delivered
born
milk - digesting
delivery
intake
delivered
consumption
delivered
delivery
delivery
gestation
pregnancy
lactation
pregnancy
pregnancy
lactation
lactation
fed
pregnant
lactating
prenatal
delivery
Birth
postpartum
pregnant
prenatal
gestation
feeding
breastfeeding
breastfed
breastfed
breastfed
fed
fed
breastfed
breastfed
fed
delivery
delivery
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
food intake
consumption
pregnant
consumption
intake
consumption
intakes
postpartum
feeding
delivered
delivered
delivered
delivery
feeding
consumption
delivered
feeding
breastfed
fed
fed
delivered
delivery
delivered
gestation
fat metabolism
digestion ...
absorption of feed
metabolic imprinting
feeding
production
fat metabolism
fat digestion
feeding
fat cell development
muscle cell formation
adipogenesis
fat cell formation
skeletal muscle ...
adipose tissue development
adipogenic
adipogenic
adipogenic
adipogenic
development of mesenchymal stem cells
adipogenesis
Adipogenesis
commitment of ... stem cells to preadipocytes
determination ... proliferation of preadipocytes
differentiation of preadipocytes into
adipocytes
Adipogenesis
gestation
Differentiation of
adipogenic cells
postnatal
adipogenic
adipocyte formation
gestation
birth
conception
birth
birth
adipogenic
postnatal
adipogenesis
grow
postnatal
Adipogenesis
gestation
adipogenesic
fattening
grow
development of ... fat
postweaning
grown
slaughter
feeding
eat
grown
feeding
feedlot
metabolic imprinting
feeding
feeding
adipogenic
adipogenic
synthesis
fed
fed
expressed
regulation
biosynthesis of unsaturated fatty
Wnt signaling
insulin signaling
mTOR signaling pathways
adipokine signaling pathway
feeding
adipogenic
lipogenic
feeding
feed
age
grown
Feed
feed
milk production
reproduction
feed intake
- being
grown
fed
feeding
fed
heat production
shivering
thermogenic process
fat metabolism
digestion
feeding
Fat synthesis ...
metabolism
uptake ...
synthesis ...
degradation of triglycerides
TG synthesis
FA de novo synthesis
TG synthesis
FA synthesis
FA synthesis
FA synthesis
novo synthesis
glucose synthesis
gluconeogenesis
digestion
FA
de novo synthesis
lipogenic
FA synthesis
expression
uptake of glucose
feeding
glucose uptake
feeding
incorporation
Feeding
TG synthesis
propionate production
glucose synthesis
fed
lipogenic
adipose development
lipid metabolism
adipogenesis
FA transport
lipogenesis
lipolysis
FA oxidation
TG hydrolysis
lipolysis
lipolysis
metabolism
regulation of
lipolysis
lipogenesis
lipolysis
lipolysis
transport
pregnant
lipolysis
lipolysis
fat degradation
lipolysis
fat degradation
Feeding
insulation
Fat digestion
digestion
digestion
digested
digestion
digestion
digestion
Micelle formation
digestion
Feeding
glucose
fermentation of starch
gluconeogenic
digestion
fed
digestion
fermentation
starch digestion
digested
digested
starch digestion
liver gluconeogenesis
digestion
digestion
glucose
feeding
grain processing
FA synthesis
fed
fed
growing
fed
fed
fed
fed
fed
fed
expression
angiogenic
adipogenic
fed
expression
adipogenic
adipogenic
gene expression
production of ... propionate
glucose absorption
feeding
FA synthesis
fed
fed
fed
fed
fed
regulating
adipogenesis
intake
regulates
gene expression
feeding
nutrigenetic
adipogenesis
adipogenic
gene expression
adipogenic
adipogenesis
calcium homeostasis
regulation
oxidation – reduction
collagen synthesis
regulate
adipogenesis
Fetal
Fetal programming
prenatal
embryonic ... development
development of adipose tissue
gestation
gestation
nutritional programming
gestation
gestation
intake
gestation
gestation
midgestation
pregnancy
gestation
grazing
gestation
parturition
lactation
reproductive
mated
Fetal
feed intake
reproductive
gestational
postnatal
feed
intake
fed
gestation
fed
prepartum
gestation
adipose tissue
postnatal
feeding
feeding
gestation
postnatal
adipogenic
modulation
gestation
gestation
pregnancy
gestation
postnatal
DNA methylation
histone modification
gene expression
DNA methylation
regulating
expression
feeding
production
beef
cycle
feeding
feeding
fed
feeding
Feeding
feed
feeding
fed
growing
fed
Feed
fed
feed
growing
feeding
taste
feeding
feeding
feed
digestibility of feed
regulating
taste
antenatal
antenatal
pregnancy
antenatal
birth
born
pregnancy
born
neurodevelopment
feeding
pregnancy
maternal
early
pregnancy
born
neurodevelopment
pregnant
antenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
metabolic
antenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
antenatal
birth
pregnancy
birth
antenatal
pregnancy
gestation
antenatal
antenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
born
birth
birth
stillbirth
death
birth
Neurodevelopment
solving
Feeding
gestational
pregnancy
live birth
death
birth
maternal
early
pregnancy
birth
deaths
deaths
death
death
Gestational
born
born
born
antenatal
infants
born
neurodevelopmental
infant
feeding
breast
fed
antenatal
antenatal
neurodevelopmental
born
antenatal
pregnancy
antenatal
neurodevelopmental
neurodevelopmental
pregnancy
neurodevelopment
pregnancy
birth
birth
growth ...
antenatal
birth
antenatal
partum
metabolic
given
birth
birth
antenatal
birth
antenatal
cognitive ...
neurodevelopment
born
cognitive ...
developmental
born
metabolic
pregnancy
antenatal
neurodevelopment
neurodevelopment
pregnancy
neurodevelopment
birth
neurodevelopmental
neurodevelopment
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
maternal
offspring development
pregnant
Nutrition
Pregnancy ...
Development
childhood
pregnant
birth
offspring
development
Pregnant
gestation
intake
gestation
pregnancy
prenatal
gestational
birth
birth
postnatal
feeding
immune development
pregnancy
childhood
birth
life
childhood
- being
maternal
... nutrition
undernutrition
live births
death
neurocognitive development
pregnancy
offspring ... development
pregnancy
pregnancy
perinatal
gestational
offspring development
intake
reproductive
child development
birth
pregnancy
childhood development
antenatal care
trimester
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
birth
offspring ... development
birth
long - term ... of life
Nutrition
Pregnancy ...
Development
pregnancy
childhood
pregnant
birth
offspring ... development
pregnancy
birth
birth
gestational
postnatal
psychomotor development
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
Postnatal
postnatal
delivering
Pregnancy
antenatal care
Birth
Postnatal
pregnant
pregnancy
deliver
gestational
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
postnatally
gestation
pregnancy
gestation
pregnancy
gestation
gestation
gestation
birth
Postnatal
postnatal
Prenatal
gestation
gestation
gestation
birth
Postnatal
postnatal
postpartum
birth
pregnancy
postnatally
Hunger
eat
pregnant
intake
intake
recall
pregnancy
postnatally
consumed
recall
intake
consumed
prenatal
pregnancy
postnatal
birth
prenatal
postnatally
gestation
gestational
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
postnatally
postnatally
Perinatal
pregnancy
postnatally
Postnatal
perinatal
pregnant
postpartum
Gestational
gestation
gestation
gestational
trimester
gestational
gestation
Birth
birth
delivery
delivery
delivery
birth
birth
birth
foetal
birth
dietary
intake
feeding
feeding
postnatal
birth
breastfed
breastfed
breastfeeding
feeding
postnatally
eaten
postnatally
intake
intake
eaten
intake
postnatal
postnatal
postnatal
birth
postnatal
postnatally
sensitisation
immune response
psychomotor ... emotional development
Psychomotor ... emotional development
offspring
cognition
personal ... emotional development
Social - Emotional Development
Social Emotional
pregnancy
postnatally
birth
placental
delivery
pregnancy
postnatally
lactating
acute phase
DNA methylation
DNA methylation
fatty acid ...
lipid ...
micronutrient metabolism
birth
birth
pregnant
perinatal
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
eating
pregnant
offspring development
pregnant
maternal
postnatally
conception
offspring
pregnancy
antenatal
gestation
pregnancy
eat
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
prenatal
pregnancy
reproductive
prenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
feeding
pregnancy
Reproductive
Pregnant
prenatal
gestation
birth
birth
motor development
birth
pregnancy
prenatal
prenatal
gestational
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
birth
birth
pregnancy
consumption
pregnancy
intake
fed
prenatal
cell death
Expression
expression
mated
birth
expression
expression
prenatal
born
born
prenatal
prenatal
cellular proliferation
apoptosis
neurogenesis
expression
locomotion
modulate
dysregulated
oxidative phosphorylation
calcium homeostasis
dysregulated
dark cycle
mating
gestation
postnatal
estrous cycle
expression
Expression
expression
dysregulated
dysregulated proteins
dysregulated
expressed
cellular metabolism
cellular assembly
cell signaling
Protein synthsis
dysregulated
expression
expression
sequestration
endocytosis
vesicle release
express
expressed
dysregulation
locomotion
brain development
reproduction
Spermatogenesis
spermatogenesis
spermatogenesis
prenatal
prenatal
spermatotogenesis
prenatal
prenatal
gestational
gestational
gestational
pregnancy
gestational
gestational
controlled
gestational
pregnancy
Gestational
pregnancy
pregnancies
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
respiratory
perinatal
born
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancies
metabolic
pregnancy
monitoring of ... glucose
monitoring of ... counseling
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
controlled
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
gestational
pregnancy
intake
intake
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
glucose control
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
controlled
pregnant
birth
delivery
pregnancy
pregnancy
controlled
expressed
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
controlled
gestational
pregnancies
gestational
perinatal
controlled
pregnancy
pregnancy
Gestational
respiratory
birth
death
death
controlled
perinatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
gluconeogenesis
pregnancies
gene expression
development of lactic acidosis
pregnancy
gestational
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
Pregnant
controlled
gestational
pregnancy
perinatal
death
pregnancy
gestational
gestational
perinatal
pregnancies
perinatal
perinatal
perinatal
gestational
gestational
pregnancy
metabolic
metabolic
reproductive
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
Gestational
intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
Gestation
gestation
feeding
taste
food marketing
prenatal
prenatal
food behavior
gestation
Gestational
metabolic
gestation
birth
birth
Feeding
pregnant
pancreatic development
gene expression
intake
pregnancy
birth
metabolic
born
fed
metabolic
pregnancy
born
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
born
pregnancy
born
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
feeding
feeding
prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
Taste
taste
taste
taste
learning
birth
taste
sweet taste
birth
sweet - tasting
bitter - tasting
taste
Feeding
feeding
bitter - tasting
growing
sense of smell
learn
pregnant
feeding
modulate
pregnancy
postpartum
Pregnant
food intake
regulation
consumed
taste
intake
intake
intake
intake regulation
regulate
intake regulation
expressed
regulation
intake regulation
feeding
feeding
food intake
feeding
feeding
feeding
feeding
feeding
intake
gestational
controlling
intake
consumed
cognitive development
Cognitive development
Cognitive
growing
prenatal
pregnant
consume
feeding
born
pregnancy
postpartum
pregnant
pregnant
reproductive
pregnant
reproductive
pregnant
reproductive
reproductive
reproductive
prenatal
pregnancy
pregnant
reproductive
surveillance
pregnant
pregnant
consumed
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
reproductive
acute - phase
birth
modulate
reproductive
gestational
prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
reproductive
reproductive
pregnancies
reproductive
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancies
prenatal
perinatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
Postnatal
Reproductive
sexual maturation
reproductive maturation
prenatal
postnatal
Pregnant
fed
pregnancy
fed
prenatal
reproductive
prenatal
feeding
metabolic homeostasis
prenatal
postnatal
birth
born
prenatal
postnatal
prenatal
metabolic
reproductive
adaptive response
reproductive maturation
metabolically
reproduction
reproduction
metabolic
gestational
postnatal
consumption
pregnancy
birth
reproductive maturation
birth
prenatal
postnatal
reproductive maturation
reproductive maturation
Birth
born
pregnancy
control
pregnancies
birth
postnatal
born
pregnancy
fed
birth
birth
born
birth
pregnancy
fed
fed
pregnancies
pregnancy
pregnancy
fed
pregnancy
fed
pregnancy
born
born
fed
pregnancy
postnatal
postnatal
postnatal
pregnancy
fed
fed
fed
postnatal
pregnancies
pregnancy
pregnancy
postnatal
postnatal
postnatal
consumption
pregnancy
pregnancy
prenatal
fed
fed
postnatal
pregnancies
fed
pregnancy
fed
pregnancy
postnatal
postnatal
postnatal
postnatal
born
pregnancy
consumption
born
prenatal
fed
postnatal
postnatal
fed
fed
postnatal
postnatal
pregnancies
pregnancy
pregnancy
postnatal
postnatal
fed
pregnancy
fed
pregnancy
born
reproductive
prenatal
metabolic
death
reproductive
death
metabolic
prenatal
reproduction
adaptive response
metabolism
reproductive
postnatal
postnatal
reproductive maturation
pregnancy
prenatal
food intake
regulation
prenatal
metabolic
birth
regulating
regulatory
regulation
reproductive maturation
modification of ...
metabolic
postnatal
metabolic
reproductive maturation
adaptive developmental
perinatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
perinatal
postnatal
prenatal
reproductive
fed
pregnancy
postnatal
postnatal
reproductive
reproductive
ovulation
reproductive
born
pregnancy
born
pregnancy
aging
aging
prenatal
postnatal
reproduction
reproductive
reproductive cycles
postnatal
reproductive maturation
intake
reproductive
adaptive responses
reproductive
reproductive
mated
estrous cycle
mating
fed
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
fed
pregnancy
fed
pregnancy
Food intake
pregnancy
birth
postnatal
reproductive
postnatal
Postnatal
estrous cycle
mortem
cornified
controlled
intake
intake
prenatal
birth
prenatal
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
pregnant
metabolic
metabolic
glucose metabolism
pregnant
gestation
pregnancy
gestational
glucose metabolism
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
prenatal
gestational
pregnancy
prenatal
gestation
pregnancy
gestation
pregnancy
gestational
reproductive
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
gestation
pregnant
Gestational
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
carbohydrate metabolism
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
gestation
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
Gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
Gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
glucose homeostasis
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
glucose metabolism
Aging
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
glucose metabolism
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
glucose metabolism
dysregulation
glucose homeostasis
gluconeogenesis
dysregulation
formation of reactive oxygen species
release of ... cytokines
pregnancy
pregnancy
glucose metabolism
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
metabolic
pregnancy
pregnant
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake of these fatty acids
intake
intake
intake
intake of ... fish
intake
hearing
Expression
expression
pregnancy
metabolism
intake
prenatal
intake
intake
intake
translated
translated
intake
consumption
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake of marine fatty acids
intake
intake
metabolized
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake of fatty acids
intake
intake of fatty acids
intake
intake
birth
intake
intake
intake
grown
birth
intake
intake
birth
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
birth
intake
intake ...
intake
intake ...
intake
intake ...
intake
intake ...
intake
intake
intake ...
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake of ... acidsDietary intake
birth
intake
intake ...
intake
intake
intake ...
intake
intake
intake ...
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
birth
intake
intake
intake
intake
lipid metabolism
intake
intake
Prenatal
Birth
prenatal
prenatal
intake
intake
intake
prenatal
brain development
memory
attention processing
intake of ... fish
intake
intake
fatty acid metabolism
intake
intake of ... fish
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
misclassification of ...
intake
intake
dietary intake
intake
born
consumption
intake
intake
intake
replication
metabolic
intake
Birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
prenatally
birth
pregnancy
perinatal
imprinting
pregnancy
birth
birth
birth
birth
Birth
birth
birth
birth
respiratory
detoxification
birth
intake
die
perinatal
birth
memory
birth
memory
birth
respiratory
immune surveillance
intake
perinatal
food consumption
birth
prenatal
brain development
born
born
metabolism
regulation
birth
food intake
postnatal
consumed
consumed
consumption
Birth
Birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
various developmental learning
pregnancy
brain development
born
born
born
birth
dark cycle
born
birth
born
born
birth
perinatal
birth
modulate
adaptive immune response
metabolic
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
gestational
pregnancy
gestational
prenatal
gestational
pregnant
gestational
controlling
intake
pregnancy
metabolism
express
pregnant
Pregnancy
pregnancy
Pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
respiratory
Pregnancy
Pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
Pregnancy
pregnancy
Pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
birth
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
respiratory alkalosis
Respiratory rate unchanged Adapted
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
controlled
death
birth
Pregnant
birth
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
controlled
gestational
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
Pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
death
pregnant
feeding
postpartum
postpartum
pregnancy
pregnancy
oxygenation
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
immune response
pregnant
Gestational
pregnant
eczema
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
modulate
pregnancy
gestation
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancies
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
Pregnancy
pregnant
growing
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
Pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
imprinting
transfer of cytokines
transfer of ... cytokines
suckling
regulated
expressed
secreted
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
consumption
pregnancy
gestation
respiratory
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
immune response
feeding
feeding
Birth
birth
birth
born
Birth
pregnancy
immune response
pregnant
intake
pregnant
consumption
Pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
prenatal
consumption
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
respiratory
consumption
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
consumed
pregnancy
Pregnancy
pregnancy
consumption
Pregnancy
pregnant
feeding
feeding
feeding
feeding
feeding
pregnancy
pregnancy
feeding
pregnancy
pregnancy
Pregnancy
feeding
pregnancy
intake
phosphor homeostasis
modulating
phagocytic
paracrine
pregnancy
intake
regulated
intake
postnatal
prenatal
consumption
Defense
birth
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
birth
born
born
prenatal
metabolism
Reproductive
reproductive
consuming
intake
reproductive
birth
birth
cognitive development
economic development
pregnant
pregnant
reproductive
reproductive
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
reproductive
reproductive
reproductive
reproductive
pregnant
Pregnant
pregnant
reproductive
reproductive
intake
reproductive
reproductive
reproductive
reproductive
reproductive
reproductive
reproductive
reproductive
reproductive
reproductive
reproductive
pregnancy
natal
pregnancy
pregnant
uptake
pregnant
reproductive
reproductive
reproductive
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
death
pregnant
perinatal
pregnancy
pregnant
delivery
postnatal
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
reproductive
Pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
birth
intake
birth
Prenatal
pregnancy
intake
gestation
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
gestation
metabolic
intake exceeding
pregnancy
prenatal
intake of protein
birth
prenatal
intake
prenatal
pregnancy
birth
prenatal
pregnancy
gestation
birth
prenatal
gestational
pregnancy
gestational
gestation
postpartum
postpartum
birth
gestational
gestational
gestational
gestational
birth
Pregnancy
intake
gestation
intake
intake
pregnancy
intake
food consumption
Postnatal
cognitive
regression
birth
gestation
delivery
pregnancy
gestation
regression
gestation
delivery
pregnancy
birth
gestation
delivery
birth
birth
birth
Prenatal
prenatal
regression
gestation
delivery
birth
pregnancy
consumption
pregnancy
birth
consumed
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
prenatal
birth
birth
birth
prenatal
prenatal
birth
intake
intake
pregnancy
regression
birth
consumption
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
prenatal
birth
prenatal
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
birth
intake
birth
intake
pregnancy
intake
gestation
intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
intake
birth
gestation
intake
intake
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
intake
birth
postnatal
birth
birth
prenatal
birth
Birth
postnatal
feeding
birth
grow
prenatal
birth
birth
pregnancy
prenatal
gestation
gestational
birth
gestational
metabolic
pregnancy
intake
prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
fed
intake
fed
fed
fed
fed
birth
fed
fed
intake
pregnancy
gestation
birth
fed
prenatal
intake
Birth
gestational
regression
birth
prenatal
pregnancy
prenatal
Prenatal
intake
prenatal
fed
fed
fed
feeding
birth
born
pregnant
birth
birth
controlled
calcium absorption
calcium absorption
fed
intake
fed
fed
birth
based
pregnant
consumed
intake
pregnant
calcium absorption
fed
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
reproductive
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
reproductive
pregnancy
pregnancy
reproductive
pregnancy
gene expression
reproductive
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
Pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
embryonic development
gestation
neurodevelopment
gestation
pregnancy
excretion
pregnancy
gestation
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
gestation
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
cognitive development
gestational
perinatal
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
calcium metabolism
skeletal formation
calcium absorption
pregnancy
calcium metabolism
neurodevelopment
calcium absorption
excretion
ossification
pregnancy
feeding
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
gene expression
cell carcinogenesis
growing
proliferation
pregnancy
growing
pregnant
pregnant
express
cell transformation
express
invade lymphatic
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
Pregnant
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
organogenesis
pregnancy
pregnancy
cognitive
pregnancy
feeding
pregnant
feeding
Pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
proliferative stimulation
pregnancy
pregnancy
born
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
delivery
death
gestation
pregnancy
Pregnancy
pregnancy
intestinal absorption
pregnancy
metabolism
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
Pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
DNA Methylation
DNA methylation
birth
CpG locus methylation
birth
controlling
waste
DNA methylation
regulation
silencing
DNA methylation
expression
birth
DNA methylation
deliveries
deliveries
gestational
born
gestation
gestational
birth
gestational
Birth
gestational
birth
gestational
birth
birth
birth
Birth
birth
birth
gestational
gestational
birth
gestational
gestational
gestational
birth
gestational
DNA methylation
DNA methylation
CpG methylation
birth
birth
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnancy
prenatal
repetitive methylation
CpG methylation
gestational
birth
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnancy
DNA methylation
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
prenatal
pregnancy
birth
DNA methylation
DNA methylation
pregnancy
pregnancy
CpG class methylation
CpG class methylation
CpG class methylation
CpG class methylation
cell processes
gene expression
sterol homeostasis
modulation
DNA methylation
DNA methylation
birth
silencing
embryonic development
cellular differentiation
tissue development ... differentiation
informed CpG classes
cellular processes
modulation
sterol homeostasis
gene expression
cellular proliferation
controlling
steroid homeostasis
pregnancy
pregnancy
DNA methylation
prenatal
deliveries
birth
birth
birth
controlling
birth
birth
respiratory
born
gestational
fed
regulating
prenatal
pregnancy
expression
cell cycle
gestational
adaptive response
long - term
expression
prenatal
perinatal
Pregnant
fed
gestational
nursed
fed
expression
prenatal
postnatal
expression
lipid metabolism
Fatty acid metabolism
cell cycle regulation
Mitotic
G1 ...
S checkpoint regulation
G2 / M DNA damage
regulation of ... pathway
cell proliferation
postnatal
Pregnancy
cell differentiation
adaptive response
expression
gestational
intake
pregnancy
birth
metabolic
pregnancy
expression
prenatal
perinatal
pregnant
fed
gestational
gene expression
gestation
metabolism
prenatal
postnatal
gestation
birth
postnatal
expression
modulation
prenatal
postnatal
expression
cell cycle
amino acid metabolism
fed
gestation
gene expression
expressed
expression
gestational
expression
prenatal development
gestational
expression
expression
expressed
expressed
regulated
expressed
regulated
regulated
regulated
regulated
expression
expression
Expression
cell cycle
Wnt signaling
perinatal
regulated
metabolic
regulated
regulated
regulated
expressed
regulation
regulated
metabolic
regulation
regulated
gestational
regulatory
expression
expression
canonical pathway
G1 ...
S checkpoint regulation
expression
expression
expression
metabolic
expressed
regulated
regulated
regulated
regulation
regulated
regulation
perinatal
regulation
expression
G2 / M DNA ... regulation
mitotic
metabolism
expression
cell cycle
mitosis
metabolism
Wnt signaling
perinatal
regulated
metabolic
regulation
regulated
Mitotic
G2 / M DNA damage
Mitotic
G2 / M DNA damage
Mitotic
Fatty acid elongation
gestational
regulatory
perinatal
regulated
expression
Expression
expression
metabolism
G1 ...
S checkpoint regulation
fatty acid metabolism
mitotic
expressed
fatty acid elongation
regulated
regulated
expression
expression
Regulated
ontogenetic development
metabolic
regulation
metabolic
regulation
expression
regulated
gene expression
fed
pregnancy
prenatal
perinatal
prenatal
expression
gestational
regulatory
perinatal
metabolic
suckling
expression
expression
expressed
postnatal
prenatal
gestational
expression
cell cycle
metabolic
prenatal
postnatal
gene expression
proliferation
cell division
regulated
cell division
cell division
cell cycle control
cell cycle regulation
oscillation of synthesis ... degradation
cell cycle
cell cycle
control
regulation
Mitotic
cell cycle
mitosis
mitosis
cell cycle
regulating
cell cycle
expression
expression
control of mitosis
cell cycle
regulation
gestational
cell cycle
regulating
cell cycle
cell cycle
expression
expression
cell division
expression
cell cycle
gestational
expression
cell proliferation
metabolic
expression
mitotic cell division
gestational
expression
metabolism
expression
controls
protein synthesis
translation
regulating
protein synthesis
cellular ... proliferation
regulated
angiogenic
regulation
Wnt signaling
embryogenesis
cell differentiation
cell proliferation
expression
regulation
postnatal
regulated
lipid metabolism
fatty acid metabolism
fatty acid elongation
lipid metabolism
postnatal
adaptive responses
prenatal
lipid metabolism
postnatal
regulated
metabolic pathway
regulation of ... lipid ... metabolism
metabolic
metabolic
lipid metabolism
expression
cellular metabolism
metabolism
ontogenesis
metabolism
regulated
prenatal
postnatal
postnatal
immune response
modulated
expression
metabolic
modulated
expression
regulation
expression
regulated
innate immune system
expression
fed
gestational
prenatal
perinatal
gene expression
expression
cell cycle
expressed
expression
metabolism
metabolic
postnatal
prenatal
postnatal
gestation
postnatal
pregnancy
born
birth
birth
birth
gestation
fed
suckling
growing
expression
Express
expressed
regulated
birth
expression
expression
Gene Expression
gene expression
canonical pathways
expression
melting
reverse transcription
expression
birth
controlled
regulating
controlled
expression
intracellular formation
intake
taste
respiratory
Respiratory
death
respiratory
died
death
died
deaths
respiratory
deaths
sputum conversion
prenatal
prenatal
natal
pregnancy
prenatal
prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnancy
Pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestation
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
Pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
birth
deaths
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
consume
pregnancy
pregnancy
acute - phase
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
delivery
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
Pregnancy
controlled
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
gestation
pregnancy
reproductive
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
erythropoietic response
pregnant
pregnant
intake
Pregnancy
consuming
intake
thrombosis
death
erythropoiesis
pregnant
pregnancies
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
reproductive
taste
pregnancy
reproductive
pregnancy
birth
reproductive
fed
expression
expression
expression
nephrogenesis
pregnancy
natal
genomic imprinting
genesis of
calcium metabolism
cellular proliferation
apoptosis
kidney development
pregnancy
kidney development
postnatal
dark cycle
fed
fed
pregnant
fed
mated
mating
pregnancy
fed
suckling
organogenesis
birth
fed
mated
birth
birth
metabolic
metabolic
intake
waste
intake
birth
birth
birth
expression
pregnancies
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
food intake
intake
intake
intake
expression
expression
expression
expression
expressed
expression
expressed
expression
expression
expression
expression
expression
expression
expression
expressed
Expression
expression
expression
expression
birth
expression
expressed
expression
birth
consumption
pregnancy
pregnant
kidney development
expression
gestational
mating
pregnancy
pregnancy
regulation
natal
birth
nephrogenesis
postnatal
gestational
kidney development
cell proliferation
gene expression
expression
expression
Kidney organogenesis
regulatory
expressed
expression
birth
expression
birth
fed
expressions
regulation
expressed
glomerular development
apoptosis
gene expression
nephrogenesis
expression
regulation
expression
birth
born
fed
metabolic
tissue development
expression
nephrogenesis
Pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
intake
pregnancy
gestational
controlled
skin synthesis
metabolized
metabolized
metabolism
pregnancy
expression
pregnancy
pregnancy
calcium absorption
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
deliveries
pregnancy
pregnancy
nurse
prenatal
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
consumption
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
consumption
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
food consumption
intake
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
translated
pregnant
gestational
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
Gestational
pregnancy
metabolism
gestational
metabolized
pregnancy
metabolism
pregnancy
pregnancy
fed
intake
glucose homeostasis
pregnancy
gestational
intake
controlled
delivery
Gestational
gestation
delivery
delivery
fed
gene translation
translation
calcium absorption
consuming
postpartum
postpartum
metabolic
Prenatal
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnancy
metabolic
pregnant
intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
birth
pregnancy
neurodevelopment
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
metabolism
pregnancy
learn
calcium metabolism
cell proliferation
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
intake
consumed
pregnancy
intake
calcium intake
mineral homeostasis
birth
metabolism
mineral homeostasis
calcium metabolism
pregnancy
pregnancy
calcium metabolism
pregnancy
pregnancy
secrete
pregnancy
regulate
metabolism
pregnancy
implantation
pregnancy
delivery
production of ... cytokines
ossification
pregnancy
calcium absorption
metabolism
pregnancy
intake
intake
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
gestational
birth
birth
intake
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
mineral homeostasis
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancies
prenatal
intake
pregnant
intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
Pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancies
pregnancies
expression
pregnancies
gestation
gestation
pregnancy
metabolic
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
immune system ... cytokines
regulate
controlling
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
neurologic development
contractile
neurodevelopment
pregnancy
reproductive
pregnancy
pregnant
fed
pregnant
fed
fed
respiratory
pregnancy
birth
postnatal
glucose homeostasis
skeletal development
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
gestation
birth
reproductive
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
regulated
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
intake
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
prenatal
pregnant
pregnancy
fed
pregnant
pregnant
gestation
pregnancy
pregnancy
neurodevelopment
Pregnant
gestation
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
swimming
pregnancy
prenatal
respiratory
gestational
coagulation
repair
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestation
aortic repair
gestation
aortic repair
pregnant
Pregnancy
pregnancy
reproductive
pregnancy
delivery
pregnancy
pregnancy
deliveries
gestational
pregnancy
born
adaptation signs
pregnancy
pregnancy
reproductive
reproductive
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
reproductive
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestation
pregnancy
perinatal
pregnancy
respiratory
neurodevelopmental
reproductive
birth
reproductive
pregnancy
birth
gestational
birth
gestational
Birth
controlling
reproductive
pregnancy
reproductive
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancies
pregnancies
pregnancies
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
delivery
pregnancy
birth
postnatal
pregnancy
delivery
intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
Perinatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
prenatal
gestational
pregnancy
Perinatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
Gestational
Gestational
Birth
gestational
gestational
adaptation
Pregnancy
death
birth
gestational
gestational
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
deliveries
delivery
respiratory
Perinatal
Perinatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
Gestational
Gestational
Birth
gestational
gestational
adaptation
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnancy
gestational
Pregnancy
gestational
born
deliveries
birth
gestational
born
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
prenatal
deliveries
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
gestational
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
gestation
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
deliveries
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
gestational
birth
pregnancy
gestational
controlling
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestation
deliveries
delivery
birth
pregnant
reproductive
pregnancy
pregnancy
Prenatal
prenatal
pregnant
prenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
reproductive
scoliosis ... lordosis
prenatal
embryonic development
skeletogenesis
lysis
G1 males
G2 progeny
scoliosis ... lordosis
born
birth
scoliosis ... lordosis
perinatal
cardiovascular homeostasis
secreted
regulation
endocytic
overexpress
overexpress
regulating
intracellular signaling
protein trafficking
birth
skeletogenesis
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
Born
born
birth
death
deaths
born
birth
deaths
deaths
birth
Reproductive
birth
born
birth
birth
birth
deaths
birth
pregnancies
birth
pregnancies
birth
birth
pregnant
respiratory
birth
deaths
Born
birth
birth
birth
gestation
birth
birth
reproductive
birth
birth
birth
birth
gestational
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
born
born
death
birth
gestation
deaths
sepsis
birth
reproductive
birth
die
birth
death
Born
birth
pregnancy
death
birth
birth
pregnancy
deaths
birth
deaths
birth
postnatal
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
death
birth
born
emphasis
emphasis
birth
birth
pregnancy
birth
immune response
birth
birth
birth
Born
birth
birth
gestational
birth
birth
birth
regulate
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
reproductive
pregnancy
birth
die
deliveries
cognitive
birth
birth
birth
pregnant
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
delivery of innovation
deaths
birth
Born
death
deaths
birth
Born
Birth
deaths
deaths
deaths
feeding
deaths
deaths
birth
deaths
deaths
deaths
Deaths
Deaths
dying
birth
birth
deaths
birth
deaths
birth
death
Born
birth
deaths
birth
deaths
die
deaths
respiratory
deaths
deaths
birth
death
death
deaths
birth
born
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
pregnancy
birth
postnatally
birth
birth
Birth
birth
grown
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
gestational
perinatal
delivery
birth
birth
birth
birth
deaths
birth
birth
birth
birth
pregnancy
deaths
birth
birth
pregnancy
birth
Born
birth
gestational
death
birth
birth
birth
Born
deaths
Born
die
birth
die
born
die
birth
reproductive
Reproductive
Reproductive
Gestational
Gestational
pregnancy
metabolized
gestational
pregnancies
gestational
Gestational
pregnancy
gestational
gestation
prenatal
prenatal
respiratory
demise
birth
postpartum
gestational
Gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestation
pregnancies
gestational
metabolized
platelet aggregation
gestational
pregnancies
waste
waste
swimming
waste
learned
waste
intake
waste
consumption
waste
deaths
reproductive
reproduction
pregnant
Birth
birth
waste
DNA repair
DNA repair
Birth
Prenatal
pregnancy
Pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnant
prenatal
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
intake of proteins
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
intake
food fortification
pregnancy
birth
gestation
intake
prenatal
gestational
prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnant
intake
pregnancy
prenatal
birth
pregnancies
birth
cognitive
delivery
pregnancy
prenatal
gestational
prenatal
Pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
Gestational
prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
prenatal
prenatal
prenatal
prenatal
intake
prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
prenatal
prenatal
intake
pregnancy
natal
prenatal
prenatal
prenatal
prenatal
prenatal
prenatal
prenatal
prenatal
Prenatal
prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
prenatal
prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
intake
prenatal
prenatal
intake
prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
intake
prenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
intake
intake
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
prenatal
prenatal
pregnancies
intake
pregnancy
prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
intake
prenatal
prenatal
prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
prenatal
prenatal
Prenatal
gestational
gestational
prenatal
prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnancies
prenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
delivery
prenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnancy
prenatal
Expression
Pregnancies
Pregnancy
birth
birth
pregnancies
expression
birth
expression
expression
pregnancy
birth
birth
splice
Pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
splice
alternative splicing
expression
splice
regulation
prenatal
expression
pregnant
immune adaptation
metabolic
pregnancies
expression
birth
birth
splicing
expression
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
delivery
gestation
gestation
deliveries
pregnancy
pregnancy
reverse - transcribed
expression
pregnancy
birth
controlling
pregnancy
pregnancy
Expression
expressed
gestational
gestational
splicing
expression
expression
expression
expression
expression
expression
expression
expression
expression
gene expression
expression
Birth
pregnancy
birth
controlling
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
controlling
pregnancy
consumption
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnancy
birth
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
regulated
alternative splicing
activation of signalling
splice
expressed
expression
regulation
regulation
pregnancy
birth
silencing
hormone ... activation
splicing
gestational
birth
birth
pregnancy
expressed
regulation
expression
contractile
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
Translation of ...
gestational
Gestational
regression
extent of decay
regulates
development
regression
fed
fed
intake
intake
fed
fed
birth
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
intake
fed
intake
controlling
controlling
endogenous synthesis
consumption
controlling
prenatal
birth
birth
birth
s development
birth
birth
regressed
regression
birth
regressed
regression
birth
grow
s development
pregnancy
birth
meiosis
cell reproduction
birth
postnatal
regression
birth
birth
prenatal
expression
thermogenic
expressed
thermogenic
controlled
thermogenesis
secreted
metabolic
thermogenesis
overexpression
secreted
glucose homeostasis
death
intake
regulation
regulation of ... intake
metabolic
innervated
respiration
ATP synthesis
heat production
thermogenesis ...
heat production
contraction
perinatal
birth
gestation
birth
intake
lipid metabolism
fatty acid beta - oxidation
triglyceride hydrolysis coupled to resynthesis
thermogenesis
glucose uptake
glucose uptake
glucose uptake
glucose uptake
metabolized
triglyceride synthesis
fatty acid synthesis
metabolic
thermogenesis
thermogenesis
regulation
regulating
metabolism
metabolism
thermogenesis
expressing
overexpression
secreted
expressed
regulation
expression
expression
metabolic
thermogenesis
paracrine
expression
glucose metabolism
postnatal
feeding
metabolism
secreted
secreted
food intake
secreted
glucose uptake
metabolic
glucose homeostasis
expression
expression
energy homeostasis
metabolic control
regulate
expression
thermogenesis
regulate
adaptive thermogenesis
modulate
expression
thermogenesis
metabolic
energy homeostasis
adipogenesis
expression
energy homeostasis
thermogenesis
expressed
express
regulate
food intake
expressed
thermogenesis
feeding
differentiation of mesenchymal stem cells
regulation
metabolic homeostasis
dephosphorylation
biological processes
expression
glucose uptake
regulation of adipose tissue lipolysis
fed
food intake ... lipogenesis
pregnancy
metabolism
modulate
perinatal
postnatal
energy homeostasis
feeding
pregnant
metabolic
proinflammatory cytokines
birth
pregnancy
gestation
Gestational
birth
metabolic
gestation
metabolic
gestation
metabolic
thermogenic
expression
metabolic
regulation of glucose metabolism
metabolically
thermogenesis
thermogenesis
thermogenesis
thermogenesis
glucose homeostasis
thermogenesis
glucose metabolism
expressed
metabolism
secretes
Controlled
growing
pregnant
postpartum
pregnant
delivery
consumption
postpartum
pregnancy
consumed
consumed
postpartum
control
postpartum
controlled
pregnant
prenatal
postpartum
Cognitive
pregnancy
pregnant
postpartum
prenatal
prenatal
gestation
gestation
postpartum
postpartum
Defense
Defense
gestational
prenatal
pregnancy
perinatal
prenatal
reproductive
postpartum
postpartum
birth
prenatal
pregnancy
gestation
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
postpartum
prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
consumed
prenatal
consumption
postpartum
pregnancy
consumed
consuming
postpartum
prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
consumed
prenatal
consumed
postpartum
prenatal
pregnant
pregnant
postpartum
postpartum
consumption
consumption
consumption
pregnancy
prenatal
postpartum
pregnancy
Prenatal
prenatal
prenatal
fed
birth
spermatic methylation
fed
implantation
expression
consuming
regulation
prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
Pregnancy
Neurodevelopment
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
intake
pregnant
neurodevelopmental
intake
pregnancy
pregnant
intake
neurodevelopmental
pregnant
neurodevelopment
cognition
pregnancy
neurodevelopment
consumed
pregnancy
foetal development
consumption
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
consuming
pregnancy
pregnant
consumption
neurodevelopment
birth
neurodevelopmental
pregnancy
neurodevelopment
intake
pregnant
pregnancy
neurodevelopment
neurodevelopment
pregnant
consumption
neurodevelopmental
neurodevelopmental
neurodevelopmental ...
cognition
intake
pregnant
neurodevelopmental
Pregnant
Pregnant
Pregnant
intake
gestation
consumption
Neurodevelopmental
Communicative Development Inventory
intake
gestation
cognition
Memory
gestation
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
Cognitive
intake
intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
consuming
intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
consumption
consumption
birth
Pregnant
Pregnant
Pregnant
gestation
intake
neurodevelopment
intake
intake
pregnancy
Visual
intake
pregnancy
delivery
intake
cognitive
memory
intake
birth
Neurodevelopmental
birth
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
cognitive
Pregnant
cognition
motor development
consuming
intake
motor development
neurodevelopment
Visual
Memory
consumed
pregnancy
neurodevelopment
pregnancy
pregnancy
neurodevelopment
pregnancy
born
born
consumed
pregnancy
gestation
pregnancy
gestation
consumption
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
consumption
intake
birth
cognitive
born
intake
pregnancy
consumption
neurodevelopment
intake
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
intake
neurodevelopment
neurodevelopment
pregnant
consumption
pregnancy
neurodevelopment
intake
neurodevelopmental
neurodevelopment
neurodevelopment
neurodevelopmental
intake
intake
neurodevelopment
intake
intake
intake
pregnancy
consumption
pregnancy
neurodevelopmental
neurodevelopment
intake
intake
intake
consumed
cognitive
neurodevelopment
intake
intake
pregnancy
consumed
neurodevelopmental
consuming
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
cognitive
prenatal
neurodevelopment
brain development
consume
pregnancy
pregnant
consume
intake
pregnancy
neurodevelopmental
intake
pregnancy
neurodevelopmental
neurodevelopment
intake
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
neurodevelopmental
Prenatal
Pregnancy
prenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
Perinatal
die
perinatal
perinatal
gestational
gestational
perinatal
pregnancy
perinatal
intake
intake
pregnancy
prenatal
prenatal
pregnant
perinatal
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
gestation
pregnancy
pregnancy diagnosis
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy diagnosis
pregnancy diagnosis
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
food intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
fed
metabolism
Reproductive
reproductive health
reproduction
fertilization
implantation
ovulation stimulation ... embryo
reproductive
intake
reproduction
consumption
reproduction
metabolized
regulation
acrosome reactions
fertilization
paracrine
reproductive
reproduction
reproductive
Reproduction
metabolic
glucose transport through cellular walls
expression
ovulation stimulation
ovulation
pregnancy
pregnancies
regresses
regulation
endometriosis development
menstrual cycle phase
metabolic
reproduction
modulation
spermatogenesis
proliferation
spermatogenic
regulation
regulation
expression
acrosome reaction
ion
homeostasis
learned
intake
Fertilization
fertilization
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestation
pregnancy
birth
modulating
pregnancy
implantation
expression
gene expression
pregnancy
expression
modulates
paracrine
implantation
pregnancy
gestation
pregnant
pregnancy
fertilization
implantation
pregnancies
pregnancies
reproduction
intake
birth
birth
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
feeding
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
reproduction processes
reproductive
intake
postnatal
birth
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
deaths
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
Pregnant
pregnant
expressed
pregnancies
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancies
pregnancy
pregnancy
Pregnancy
gestational
Pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancies
pregnancy
pregnancy
Pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
Pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancies
pregnancies
expressed
pregnancies
pregnancy
pregnancy
natal
natal
pregnant
learn
learn
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
Pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
intake
pregnant
gestational
Gestational
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
intake
pregnant
pregnancies
intake
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
gestational
intake
pregnancy
pregnant
Gestational
intake
pregnant
gestational
intake
pregnancy
pregnant
gestational
pregnancy
gestational
gestational
pregnant
Gestational
gestational
pregnancy
death
pregnancies
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancies
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
Gestational
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
gestational
pregnant
Expression
gestational
metabolic
gestational
Gestational
expression
lipogenic
expression
reverse transcribed
expressed
gestational
polyadenylation
fed
pregnancy
birth
suckling
metabolic
gestational
expression
expression
expression
Pregnancy
gestational
control
pregnant
controlled
pregnancy
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnancy
growing
pregnant
gestational
pregnancy
postpartum
gestational
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
prenatal
controlled
gestation
prenatal
Pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
Gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
prenatal
Gestational
prenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
Gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
postpartum
pregnancy
pregnancy
prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
controlling
innate immune system ... cells
defense
sepsis
delivery
pregnancy
delivery
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestation
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
delivery
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
male children
expression
innate immune function develop
expression
Pregnancy
Development of Autism
Perinatal
neurodevelopmental
perinatal
Perinatal
birth
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnancy
neurodevelopmental
diagnosis of autism
pregnancy
prenatal
gestation
birth
prenatal
perinatal
perinatal
perinatal
birth
pregnancy
neurodevelopmental
perinatal
birth
born
born
birth
prenatal
pregnancy
perinatal
perinatal
birth
birth
birth
birth
Feeding
perinatal
delivery
pregnancy
prenatal
microglial activation
born
pregnancy
development of autism
born
perinatal
born
perinatal
prenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
birth
perinatal
Prenatal
pregnancy
Prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
brain homeostasis
embryogenesis
neurodevelopment
pregnancy
metabolism
pregnancy
perinatal
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
controlled
prenatal
pregnancy
neurodevelopment
pregnancy
sensory processing
sheath formation
serotonin homeostasis
brain maturation
pregnancy
serotonin homeostasis
intake
development of autism
reproductive
neurodevelopmental
reproductive
ovulation
ovulation
ovulation
birth
fertilization
waste
autistic development
perinatal
perinatal
Birth
birth
development of autism
birth
birth
birth
birth
gestational
pregnancy
delivery
birth
birth
grew
replicating
birth
control
gestation
birth
pregnancy
prenatal
gestational
prenatal
birth
born
born
birth
birth
gestational
birth
birth
birth
birth
gestational
birth
controlled
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
contraction
pregnancy
perinatal
development of autism
perinatal inflammation
eventual development of autism
neurodevelopmental
autism development
Birth
gestational
birth
prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
fed
fed
pregnancy
metabolic
gestational
feeding
food intake
feeding
fed
pregnancy
born
Food intake
expression
feeding
DNA methylation
food intake
fed
Expression
fed
Expression
DNA methylation
fed
feeding
modulation of ... intake regulatory
pregnancy
postnatal
phases of development
pregnancy
feeding
pregnancy
food intake
metabolic
food intake
feeding
regulation
feeding
metabolism
metabolic
adaptive response
postnatal
postnatal
gestational
fed
fed
modulation of gene expression
regulatory
DNA methylation
fed
fed
born
fed
gestational
feeding
feeding
food intake
expression
feeding
born
born
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
fed
fed
gestational
fed
fed
Food Intake
Food intake
birth
gene expression
DNA methylation
Gene Expression
DNA Methylation
gestational
gene expression
glucose response
Food Intake
birth
born
born
food intake
glucose response
food intake
Gene Expression
expression
expression
expression
gestational
expression
expression
gestational
expression
gestational
food intake
food intake regulatory
regulation in determining
gene expression
feeding
fed
born
food intake
metabolic
food intake
gestational
food intake
feeding
fed
postnatal
fed
food intake
gain ... response
gestational
expression
food intake regulatory
fed
intake regulation
food intake
metabolic
born
fed
pregnancy
expression
born
expression
fed
pregnancy
food intake
regulatory
expression
food intake regulatory
fed
expression
postnatal
intake
born
fed
postnatal
food intake
born
fed
expression
gestational
expression
modulate
expression
regulating
intake
regulating
food intake
feeding
Feeding
expression
expression
expression
dopamine release
dopamine signaling
food intake
gestational
food intake regulatory
food intake
born
expression
fed
gestational
expression
expressed
gestational
DNA methylation
DNA methylation
metabolism
gene expression
regulation of ... intake
fed
expression
fed
feeding
feeding
gestational
gestational
delivery
prenatal
prenatal
prenatal
calcium metabolism
pregnancy
perinatal
pregnancy
birth
birth
pregnancy
gestational
birth
pregnancy
birth
gestational
birth
gestational
perinatal
growing
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
perinatal
delivery
prenatal
gestational
birth
birth
birth
gestational
delivery
prenatal
delivery
regression
delivery
prenatal
pregnancy
birth
delivery
delivery
prenatal
delivery
prenatal
prenatal
prenatal
prenatal
delivery
birth
delivery
Birth
birth
pregnant
calcium metabolism
birth
gestation
perinatal
birth
birth
perinatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
delivery
prenatal
pregnancy
delivery
delivery
prenatal
prenatal
prenatal
prenatal
birth
perinatal
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
perinatal
prenatal
pregnancy
perinatal
controlled
perinatal
pregnant
pregnancy
perinatal
depression
perinatal
pregnant
prenatal
pregnancy
gestational
Postnatal
gestation
gestation
birth
gestation
birth
pregnancy
perinatal
pregnant
postnatal
pregnancy
postnatal
postpartum
cognitive
postpartum
postnatal
postnatal
postnatal
postnatal
postpartum
consumption
regulatory
consumption
consumption
calcium homeostasis
brain development
cognitive
perinatal
depression
gestation
postnatal
postnatal
Postnatal
pregnant
gestation
postnatal
perinatal
depression
postnatal
pregnant
prenatal
pregnant
pregnancy
gestational
birth
gestational
consumption
consumption
Postnatal
postpartum
translated
perinatal depression
prenatal
pregnant
feeding
gestation
prenatal
gestation
birth
postpartum
gestation
gestation
birth
prenatal
pregnant
consume
pregnant
gestation
birth
pregnant
birth
postpartum
pregnancy
postpartum
gestation
birth
gestation
birth
birth
postpartum
birth
postpartum
gestation
postpartum
postpartum
gestation
postpartum
postpartum
pregnancy
perinatal
depression
perinatal
depression
gestation
pregnant
prenatal
prenatal
perinatal
depression
pregnancy
pregnant
gestational
gestation
postpartum
pregnancy
perinatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
perinatal
depression
perinatal depression
consumed
pregnancy
postnatal
intake
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
cognitive
secrete
secrete
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
perinatal
depression
postnatal
prenatal
postnatal
pregnancy
postpartum
pregnancy
perinatal
depression
prenatal
prenatal
pregnancy
perinatal
gestation
birth
pregnant
life cycle
regulatory
regulatory
regulate
gene expression
gene expression
regulatory
regulatory
regulatory
life cycle
reproductive
DNA methylation
life cycle
regulatory
posttranslational
ubiquitination
regulates
gene expression
DNA methylation
regulatory
DNA methylation
regulate
gene expression
DNA methylation following DNA replication
replication
regulating
gene expression
chromosome remodeling
regulation
gene expression
gene expression
translation
gene expression
cell development
regulation
life cycle
life cycle
fertilization
regulate
expression
silencing
life cycle
fertilization
life cycle
fertilization
embryogenesis
imprinting
fertilization
expression
DNA methylation
embryogenesis
expression
expression
expression
expression
fertilization
quiescent
expression
cell proliferation
regulation
expression
imprinted
silencing
embryogenesis
imprinted
expressed
Imprinted
expressed
prenatal development
birth
express
imprinted
imprinted
prenatal
regulation
neurodevelopment
postnatal
energy homeostasis
silencing
embryogenesis
imprinted
imprinted
histone modification
expression
sex determination
DNA methylation
quiescent
proliferation
express
DNA methylation
regulate
gene expression
regulation of gene expression
DNA methylation
regulates
gene expression
DNA methylation
translation
DNA methylation
expression
gene expression
expression
cellular homeostasis
DNA methylation
histone modification
expression
detoxification
consumption of glutathione
detoxification of reactive oxygen
glycolytic production
expression
maintain homeostasis
cell proliferation
imprinting
gene expression
Gametogenesis
Spermatogenesis
born
reproductive
fertilization
expression
metabolic
regulation of ... translation
DNA methylation
spermiogenesis
regulate
metabolic
birth
birth
DNA methylation
gene expression
survivalDNA methylation
DNA methylation
reproduce
reproductive
DNA methylation
gene expression
metabolic
abnormalitiesDNA methylation
DNA methylation
DNA methylation
metabolic
Implant
DNA methylation
immune activation
life cycle
expression
metabolism
metabolism
pregnant
Metabolism
metabolism
metabolic
postnatal
metabolism
DNA methylation
transmission of somatic tissue characteristics
DNA methylation
DNA methylation
DNA methylation
gene expression
cellular homeostasis
regulatory
cellular homeostasis
regulatory
regulatory
regulation
regulation
regulation
regulatory
regulatory
regulation
regulatory
regulatory
metabolic
regulatory
regulatory
regulatory
reproductive
regulatory
mitotic
reproduction
Reproduction
reproduction
reproductive
reproductive
regulatory
death
regulatory
DNA methylation
regulatory
regulated
regulatory
regulatory
regulatory
regulatory
pregnant
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
proliferation
ossification
ossification
proliferation
proliferation
proliferation
ossification
ossification
primitive mesenchymal cells
proliferation
BMP expression
proliferation ... bone formation
proliferation
Prenatal
Expression
Metabolic
feeding
energy homeostasis
lipid metabolism
long - term ... responses
gestational
metabolically
gene expression
expression
fatty - acid β - oxidation
respiration
intake
feeding
expression
lipogenic
cholesterol biosynthesis
adaptive responses
feeding
cholesterol biosynthesis
metabolic
metabolic
gestation
metabolic
pregnancy
pregnancy
postpartum
birth
birth
metabolic
gestational
pregnancy
metabolic
glucose metabolism
metabolic
feeding
metabolic
pregnancy
metabolic
metabolic
regulating
food intake
metabolic
metabolic
gene expression
metabolic
pregnancy
expression
metabolism
feeding
feeding
metabolic
gestational
gene expression
cholesterol metabolism
metabolically
feeding
growing
energy homeostasis
fatty - acid metabolism
metabolic
regulating
mating
feeding
controlled
mating
fed
fed
mating
gestational
intake
birth
postnatal
Feeding
feeding
feeding
postnatal
postnatal
feeding
mate
mating
gestational
gestational
birth
fed
birth
postnatal
birth
Food intake
fed
Feeding
postnatal
postnatal
postnatal
estrous cycle
perinatal
intake Food intake
food intake
food intake
feeding
adaptation of ...
Feeding
feeding
food intake
feeding
intake
postnatal
postnatal
feeding
intake
postnatal
postnatal
Reverse transcription
Touch
Gene Expression
intake
feeding
feeding
gene expression
prenatal
intake
gestation
gestation
intake
gestation
intake
intake
gestation
birth
born
postnatal
postnatal
postnatal
postnatal
intake
intake
postnatal
intake
postnatal
prenatal
feeding
intake
postnatal
feeding
feeding
intake
intake
intake
intake
prenatal
feeding
feeding
intake
postnatal
prenatal
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
prenatal
intake
prenatal
intake
intake
prenatal
prenatal
postnatal
prenatal
prenatal
gene expression
postnatal
prenatal
gene expression
expression
gestational
prenatal
gene expression
gene expression
gene expression
gene expression
gene expression
gene expression
gene expression
gene expression
gene expression
prenatal
gene expression
cholesterol metabolism
expression
metabolic
regulating
fatty - acid β - oxidation
cholesterol metabolism
respiration
prenatal
gene expression
fatty - acid β - oxidation
cholesterol metabolism
thermogenesis / mitochondria respiration
gene expression
gene expression
gene expression
gene expression
gene expression
gene expression
gene expression
prenatal
gene expression
expression
regulating
expression
metabolism
prenatal
gene expression
gene expression
gene expression
gene expression
gene expression
gene expression
gene expression
gene expression
gene expression
gestational
birth
feeding
gene expression
metabolic
feeding
prenatal
intake
gestation
birth
pregnancy
birth
birth
pregnancy
birth
birth
birth
feeding
intake
feeding
metabolic
metabolism
intake
intake
feeding
metabolic
pregnancy
food intake
feeding
food intake
metabolic
feeding alteration
intake
food intake
intake
metabolism
metabolic
energy homeostasis
regulated
metabolism
expression
cholesterol metabolism
feeding
feeding
pregnancy
fed
fed
habituation
gestational
pregnancy
gestational
mating
feeding
intake
perception of sweet taste
intake
intake
expression
metabolism
feeding
metabolic
metabolism
long - lasting
gene expression
modulates
energy homeostasis
cholesterol metabolism
metabolically
gene expression
expression
expression
birth
metabolism
expression
expression
cholesterol metabolism
gene expression
gene expression
metabolic
gene expression
gene expression
pregnancy
expression
gene expression
food intake
food intake
metabolically
regulation
metabolism
expression
lipid metabolism
food intake
expression
birth
expression
lipid metabolism
gene expression
cholesterol metabolism
fatty - acid β - oxidation
gene expression
respiratory
expression
gene expression
expression
gene expression
activation of ... - acid β - oxidation
glucose metabolism
gene expression
lipogenic
fatty - acid synthesis
cholesterol biosynthesis
expression
cholesterol biosynthesis
metabolic
metabolic
gene expression
estrous phase
estrous cycle
regulate
expression
metabolic
feeding
gene expression
cholesterol metabolism
metabolically
mating
feeding
homeostatic
nurse
perinatal
suckling
prenatal
delivery
birth
pregnant
birth
birth
birth
pregnancy
birth
birth
birth
perinatal
postnatal
immune response
pregnancy
birth
pregnant
pregnant
reverse causation
birth
pregnancy
metabolism
birth
pregnancy
Reproductive
gestational
prenatal
expression
metabolic
perinatal
birth
postpartum
death
die
death
cognitive
fed
Pregnancy
Birth
birth
modulation
birth
birth
birth
birth
Birth
tissue development
birth
birth
born
birth
autonomic control
birth
born
birth
birth
birth
birth
prenatal
consume
expressed
birth
birth
pregnancies
modulation
birth
birth
birth
birth
regression
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
Birth
Birth
Birth
birth
ANS development
birth
birth
birth
modulation
birth
birth
birth
birth
modulation
prenatal
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
controlling
modulation
born
birth
birth
birth
birth
postnatal
born
birth
prenatal
prenatal
birth
prenatal
pregnancy
gestation
modulation
birth
modulation
birth
birth
birth
birth
modulation
born
modulation
birth
regulation
gestational
pregnant
pregnant
gestational
pregnancy
intake
pregnant
intake
intake
food consumption
intake
consumption
calcium absorption
grown
calcium absorption
metabolic
avoiding
Gestational
expression
glucose transport
expression
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
intake
intake
pregnancy
Pregnant
pregnancy
intake
intake
intake
metabolic
pregnancy
metabolic
intake
intake
gestational
intake
intake
intake
intake
pregnant
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
Gestational
pregnancy
pregnant
intake
intake
pregnancy
intake
intake
Food consumption
consumption
consumption
consumption
pregnancy
pregnant
consume
consumption
pregnant
consumption
fed
feeding
pregnant
pregnancy
intake
consuming
consumption
respiratory
Perinatal
perinatal
respiratory
birth
respiratory
respiratory
calcium metabolism
homeostasis
prenatal
intake
asthma development
respiratory
perinatal
respiratory
respiratory
birth
birth
born
gestational
birth
birth
respiratory
respiratory
respiratory
Gestational
pregnancy
respiratory
Gestational
pregnancy
respiratory
respiratory
gestational
birth
respiratory
pregnancy
respiratory
pregnancy
birth
lung development
birth
birth
perinatal
postnatal
respiratory
respiratory
respiratory
perinatal
respiratory
Expression
respiratory
respiratory
postnatal
respiratory
respiratory
respiratory
respiratory
respiratory
perinatal
respiratory
respiratory
Perinatal
deaths
sepsis
pregnant
gestation
deaths
Deaths
sepsis
deaths
controlled
birth
perinatal
controlled
birth
deaths
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
surveillance
pregnancy
delivery
pregnancy
birth
visual
perinatal
respiratory
postnatal
postpartum
feeding
perinatal
death
pregnant
gestation
pregnancy
pregnant
deaths
deaths
deaths
postnatal
postnatal
postnatal
respiratory
visual
birth
proportion of events
pregnancy
pregnancy
postnatal
birth
postnatal
respiratory
respiratory
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
pregnant
birth
birth
pregnancy
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
birth
pregnant
birth
gestational
pregnancies
pregnant
birth
birth
pregnancy
birth
pregnant
birth
delivery
gestational
delivery
pregnancy
consumption
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
Pregnancy
birth
gestational
birth
surveillance
pregnant
Birth
gestational
delivery
gestational
gestational
gestational
gestational
delivery
birth
born
gestational
birth
born
birth
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
calcium consumption
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
delivery
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
gestational
birth
birth
birth
gestational
birth
birth
birth
birth
pregnant
Birth
gestational
birth
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
calcium consumption
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
birth
pregnant
Birth
gestational
birth
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
consumption
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
consumption
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
consumption
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
pregnant
Birth
gestational
birth
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
calcium consumption
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
controlling
birth
pregnant
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
gestation
birth
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancies
pregnancy
gestational
gestational
delivery
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
birth
pregnant
gestational
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
food labelling
birth
birth
pregnant
pregnant
prenatal
birth
pregnancy
gestational
deaths
death
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
deliveries
controlled
pregnant
prenatal
delivery
prenatal
prenatal
gestation
pregnant
gestational
birth
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
Birth
Birth
gestational
gestational
birth
gestational
birth
gestation
birth
gestational
birth
birth
Birth
birth
birth
Birth
Birth
Birth
Birth
gestational
gestational
birth
birth
gestation
birth
birth
gestational
birth
prenatal
controlled
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
prenatal
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
glucose homeostasis
pregnancy
glucose homeostasis
pregnancy
pregnancy
glucose metabolism
pregnant
gestation
pregnancy
gestation
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
expression
glucose homeostasis
pregnancy
gestational
gestational
pregnancy
regulation
gestational
gestational
pregnancies
glucose homeostasis
metabolic
pregnancy
glucose metabolism
glucose metabolism
pregnant
pregnancy
birth
gestational
gestation
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
consumed
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestation
pregnancy
gestation
Homeostasis
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
visual
transformed
metabolic
pregnancy
transformed
metabolic
reverse transformation
metabolic
regression
glucose metabolism
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
glucose metabolism
pregnancy
glucose metabolism
glucose metabolism
pregnancy
pregnancy
glucose metabolism
metabolic
glucose metabolism
metabolic
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
glucose metabolism
pregnancy
metabolic
controlled
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
intake
glucose metabolism
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
controlling
regression
glucose metabolism
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
glucose metabolism
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestation
glucose homeostasis
glucose metabolism
pregnancy
glucose metabolism
pregnancy
glucose homeostasis
Circannual rhythms ...
glucose homeostasis
reproduction
metabolism
regulate
regulated
release of ... cells
pregnancy
glucose homeostasis
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestation
circannual rhythms
gestational
gestational
gestation
pregnancy
pregnancies
gestational
gestational
pregnancy
gestational
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
metabolic
pregnant
pregnancies
glucose homeostasis
gestation
pregnancy
controlling
gestational
pregnancy
gestational
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
glucose metabolism
gestation
glucose homeostasis
pregnancy
gestational
regression
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestation
glucose homeostasis
intake
pregnancy
respiratory
consumption
pregnancy
respiratory
intake
pregnancy
respiratory
birth
intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
controlling
intake
intake
intake
pregnancy
intake
intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
intake
intake
consumption
consumption
pregnancy
respiratory
perinatal
consumption
intake
pregnancy
birth
intake
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
respiratory
birth
birth
pregnant
pregnancies
birth
pregnancy
gestation
consumed
consumption
consumption
intake
intake
consumption
consumed
intake
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
eczema
transformed
delivery
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
intake
intake
pregnancy
intake
intake
intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
delivery
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
natal
intake
intake
intake
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
natal
intake ... paternal intake
intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
birth
intake
pregnancy
intake
intake
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
Gestational
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
intake
controlling
intake
controlling
intake
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
intake
intake
controlling
intake
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
controlling
intake
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
delivery
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
intake
intake
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
natal
intake
pregnancy versus paternal intake
intake
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
controlling
intake
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
intake
intake
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
controlling
intake
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
intake
respiratory
birth
intake
pregnancy
intake
perinatal
consumption
intake
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
intake
respiratory
consumption
intake
consumption
controlled
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
consumption
intake
gestational
birth
intake
intake
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
intake
birth
intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
metabolism
gestational
gestation
gestation
protein synthesis
metabolism pathway
pregnant
metabolism pathway
Pregnancy
metabolic
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
metabolism pathway
pregnancy
Regulatory
pregnancy
gestation
pregnancy
gestation
metabolic
gestation
delivery
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestation
Pregnancy
gestation
expressed
gestation
gestation
visual
gestation
expresses
gestation
gestation
gestation
regressed
gestation
gestation
pregnancy
gestation
pregnancy
pregnancy
Pregnancy
gestation
gestation
gestation
pregnancy
gestation
pregnancy
pregnancy
Gestation
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestation
gestation
pregnancy
gestation
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
metabolism
pregnancy
intake
regulated
gestational
pregnant
pregnancy
Gestational
birth
Pregnant
Gestational
gestational
birth
pregnant
gestation
birth
birth
Gestational
birth
Gestational
birth
pregnant
reproductive
gestational
birth
birth
gestational
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
pregnant
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
pregnancy
prenatal
gestation
birth
Birth
Birth
birth
gestational
gestation
gestational
expressed
gestation
reproductive
neurodevelopment
birth
pregnant
birth
birth
delivery
natal
gestation
birth
gestational
birth
birth
birth
natal
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
gestational
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
Controlling
birth
controlling
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
gestational
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
tissue development
regulatory
homeostasis
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
gestational
gestational
birth
gestational
birth
birth
metabolism
metabolized
metabolized
aging
Translational
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
intake
prenatal
intake
gestational
birth
gestational
birth
born
birth
birth
gestation
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
pregnant
intake
gestational
pregnancies
pregnancy
pregnancy
metabolic
birth
birth
birth
pregnancy
born
gestation
birth
gestational
prenatal
pregnancy
prenatal
gestational
pregnancy
birth
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
calcium absorption
delivery
pregnancy
prenatal
Gestation
delivery
prenatal
gestational
gestational
gestational
intake
pregnancy
Birth
birth
pregnancy
birth
Birth
transformed
birth
birth
gestational
prenatal
pregnant
prenatal
pregnancy
birth
gestational
pregnancy
gestation
gestation
pregnancy
gestation
intake
pregnancy
gestational
gestational
gestational
gestational
gestational
gestation
pregnancy
birth
birth
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
Pregnancy
gestation
gestation
gestation
intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
born
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
birth
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
birth
Birth
gestational
birth
birth
pregnancy
gestational
gestational
birth
pregnancy
birth
birth
delivery
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
born
birth
pregnancy
controlled
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
gestational
birth
pregnancy
gestational
Pregnant
Gestational
pregnancies
birth
gestational
pregnancy
death
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancies
death
pregnant
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
birth
pregnancy
birth
gestational
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
implantation
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
Pregnant
gestational
pregnancy
gestational
Gestational
delivery
gestational
pregnancy
Pregnancy
birth
birth
gestational
Pregnancy
gestational
death
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
gestational
Pregnancy
gestational
gestational
gestational
gestational
pregnant
birth
pregnancy
gestational
gestational
pregnancy
gestational
born
birth
gestational
delivery
pregnant
gestational
birth
Pregnancy
death
born
pregnant
pregnancy
gestational
birth
gestational
birth
Birth
born
deliveries
gestational
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
gestational
birth
gestational
birth
pregnancy
Pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
born
Pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
birth
pregnancy
intake
birth
pregnancy
regulating
reverse causation
metabolism
birth
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
birth
metabolism
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
expressed
born
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
pregnant
gestational
delivery
pregnancy
pregnancy
demise
pregnancy
birth
birth
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
pregnancy
Pregnancy
gestational
pregnant
birth
pregnancy
birth
birth
neurodevelopmental
birth
pregnancy
birth
birth
birth
birth
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancies
Intake
Pregnant
consumption
consumed
intake
birth
gestational
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
pregnant
intake
intake
intake
birth
birth
birth
birth
pregnancy
birth
gestational
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
birth
birth
pregnancy
birth
birth
pregnancies
pregnancy
pregnancy
consumption
intake
intake
intake
intake
pregnant
birth
gestational
birth
controlled
pregnancy
birth
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
Pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
gestation
Pregnancy
gestational
gestation
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
gestational
pregnancy
gestation
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestation
pregnancy
gestation
pregnancy
pregnancy
Pregnancy
pregnancy
gestation
pregnancies
pregnancy
gestational
gestation
Pregnancy
gestational
gestation
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestation
gestation
gestation
pregnancy
gestation
Consuming
Intake
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
gestational
birth
gestational
gestation
pregnancy
metabolism
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
gestational
birth
gestational
gestation
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestation
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
gestation
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
expresses
paracrine
metabolism
pregnancy
pregnancies
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestation
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
regulates
calcium homeostasis
gestation
calcium absorption
calcium intake
pregnancies
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
gestational
birth
gestational
birth
pregnant
pregnancy
gestation
birth
birth
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
sexual maturation
regulatory ... release
regulated
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
metabolic
metabolic
birth
gestation
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
prenatal
Gestational
pregnancy
gestational
metabolism
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
postpartum
feeding
pregnancy
birth
birth
birth
birth
gestational
gestational
born
pregnancies
gestational
birth
metabolism
aging
apoptosis
modulation
regulation of gene expression
regulation
metabolism of ... of ... cells
expression
expression
axon differentiation
synapse formation
modulation
memory
neuronal development
regulation
food intake
expressed
regulated
postpartum
excretion
pregnancies
gestational
birth
birth
birth
regulation
regulating
birth
metabolic
metabolic
expression
birth
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
gestational
prenatal
birth
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
controlled
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
perinatal
controlled
birth
pregnant
deaths
controlled
perinatal
controlled
pregnant
controlled
pregnancy
pregnancy
deaths
died
deaths
deaths
deaths
deaths
deaths
postnatal
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
reproductive
pregnant
pregnant
perinatal
controlled
pregnancy
perinatal
pregnancy
death
death
pregnancy
birth
deaths
pregnant
deaths
pregnancy
controlled
pregnant
pregnant
pregnancy
gestation
controlled
pregnancy
birth
controlled
birth
pregnancy surveillance
pregnant
gestational
pregnant
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
reproductive
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnant
consumption
consumption
consume
pregnancy
pregnancies
pregnancy
delivery of ... intervention
pregnant
postnatal
pregnancy
birth
deaths
birth
death
pregnant
deaths
deaths
postpartum
die
death
death
birth
death
Birth
birth
delivery
birth
gestation
gestation
pregnancy
birth
death
birth
deaths
deaths
pregnant
pregnant
birth
pregnancies
birth
pregnancies
reproductive
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
delivery
delivery
pregnancy
reproductive
pregnancy
consumption
birth
birth
deaths
postnatal
pregnant
pregnant
gestation
birth
death
death
death
Perinatal
learned
death
birth
infant development
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestation
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
deaths
pregnancy
deaths
pregnancy
immune development
pregnancy
Birth
prenatal
born
intake
intake
born
intake
born
pregnancy
Prenatal
pregnancy
pregnancy
intake
pregnancy
delivery
born
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
gestational
born
prenatal
Gestational
Birth
Gestational
Feeding
feeding
born
feeding
intake
intake
pregnancy
feeding
feeding
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
intake
born
born
gestation
intake
intake
pregnancy
feeding
fed
consumption
consumption
cognition
intake
born
intake
consumption
born
born
intake
intake
born
intake
gestation
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
fed
pregnant
prenatal
Birth
postpartum
pregnant
prenatal
gestation
feeding
fed
fed
delivery
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
gestational
food intake
pregnant
intake
postpartum
feeding
feeding
feeding
fed
fed
gestation
metabolism
metabolic
imprinting
feeding
metabolism
feeding
cell development
cell formation
adipogenesis
cell formation
tissue development
adipogenic
adipogenic
adipogenic
adipogenic
development of mesenchymal stem cells
adipogenesis
Adipogenesis
commitment of mesenchymal stem cells
proliferation
Adipogenesis
gestation
adipogenic
postnatal
adipogenic
gestation
birth
birth
birth
adipogenic
postnatal
adipogenesis
grow
postnatal
Adipogenesis
gestation
grow
grown
feeding
grown
feeding
metabolic
imprinting
feeding
feeding
adipogenic
adipogenic
fed
fed
expressed
regulation
Wnt signaling
feeding
adipogenic
lipogenic
feeding
grown
reproduction
intake
grown
fed
feeding
fed
heat production
thermogenic
metabolism
feeding
Fat synthesis ... degradation metabolism
glucose synthesis
gluconeogenesis
lipogenic
intake
expression
uptake of glucose
feeding
glucose uptake
feeding
Feeding
glucose synthesis
fed
lipogenic
lipid metabolism
adipogenesis
metabolism
regulation of lipolysis ... lipogenesis
pregnant
Feeding
Consuming
Feeding
gluconeogenic
fed
gluconeogenesis
glucose absorption
feeding
fed
fed
growing
fed
fed
fed
fed
fed
fed
expression
angiogenic
adipogenic
fed
expression
adipogenic
adipogenic gene expression
glucose absorption
feeding
fed
fed
fed
fed
fed
regulating
adipogenesis
intake
gene expression
feeding
adipogenesis
adipogenic
gene expression
adipogenic
adipogenesis
calcium homeostasis
regulation
intake
regulate
adipogenesis
prenatal programing
gestation
gestation
gestation
gestation
intake
gestation
gestation
midgestation
pregnancy
gestation
gestation
reproductive
mated
intake
reproductive
gestational
postnatal
intake
fed
gestation
fed
gestation
postnatal
feeding
feeding
gestation
postnatal
adipogenic
modulation
gestation
gestation
pregnancy
gestation
postnatal
DNA methylation
histone modification
gene expression
DNA methylation
regulating
expression
feeding
feeding
feeding
fed
feeding
Feeding
feeding
fed
growing
fed
fed
growing
feeding
taste
feeding
feeding
waste
regulating
taste
pregnancy
birth
born
pregnancy
neurodevelopment
feeding
pregnancy
pregnancy
born
neurodevelopment
pregnant
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
metabolic
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
gestation
pregnancy
pregnancy
born
birth
birth
death
birth
Neurodevelopment
Feeding
gestational
pregnancy
birth
death
birth
pregnancy
birth
deaths
deaths
death
death
Gestational
born
born
born
born
neurodevelopmental
feeding
fed
neurodevelopmental
born
pregnancy
neurodevelopmental
neurodevelopmental
pregnancy
neurodevelopment
pregnancy
birth
birth
birth
metabolic
birth
birth
birth
cognitive
neurodevelopment
born
cognitive
born
metabolic
pregnancy
neurodevelopment
neurodevelopment
pregnancy
neurodevelopment
birth
neurodevelopmental
neurodevelopment
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
intake
pregnant
Pregnancy
intake
pregnant
birth
Pregnant
gestation
intake
gestation
pregnancy
prenatal
gestational
birth
birth
postnatal
feeding
immune development
pregnancy
birth
death
neurocognitive development
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
perinatal
depression
gestational
food intake
intake
reproductive
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnancy
birth
birth
Pregnancy
pregnancy
intake
pregnant
birth
pregnancy
birth
birth
gestational
postnatal
psychomotor
pregnancy
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
pregnancy
birth
Postnatal
postnatal
Pregnancy
Birth
Postnatal
pregnant
pregnancy
gestational
Born
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
postnatally
gestation
pregnancy
gestation
pregnancy
gestation
gestation
gestation
birth
Postnatal
postnatal
Prenatal
gestation
gestation
gestation
birth
Postnatal
postnatal
postpartum
birth
pregnancy
postnatally
pregnant
intake Maternal ...
intake
pregnancy
postnatally
consumed
intake
intake
consumed
consumed
prenatal
pregnancy
postnatal
birth
prenatal
postnatally
gestation
gestational
birth
pregnancy
pregnancy
postnatally
postnatally
Perinatal
depression
pregnancy
postnatally
Postnatal
perinatal
pregnant
postpartum
Gestational
gestation
gestation
gestational
gestational
gestation
Birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
birth
intake
feeding
feeding
postnatal
birth
feeding
postnatally
postnatally
intake
intake
emphasis
intake
postnatal
postnatal
respiratory
postnatal
birth
postnatal
postnatally
immune response
cognition
psychomotor
pregnancy
postnatally
birth
pregnancy
postnatally
acute phase
DNA methylation
DNA methylation
metabolism
regression
birth
birth
intake
pregnant
visual
perinatal
nutrition
pregnancy
pregnant
pregnant
fatty acids
pregnant
pregnant
intake
postnatally
pregnancy
gestation
pregnancy
intake
pregnant
